The startling death of Heather Rose Post Gardener and her curious return.
By Corey Messer.

It was very curious to see Heather Post walking about. Navigating the narrow cobblestone streets of the town with uninterrupted ease.  The reports and many suspicious rumors of her death had been widely accepted as fact.  Yet here on that aromatic mid summer’s day she stood smiling basket hooked in the crook of her arm, white dress moving like a cloud around her legs.  A deep crimson silk sash tied in a bow around her neck.  Its tails trailed down her back like a pair of folded wings.
The children took no notice of her as they were not susceptible to old wives rumors or facts from the mouths of men.  They skipped and played as she strolled down the street to the merchants square.  To careful observers as myself it was apparent that she was different somehow then the way she was before.  Although not a great deal of personality change, there was an air about her that seemed to giggle at everyone from the corner of reality.  As if a joke was being perpetrated upon tehm by some malevolent force just out of sight in the corner of their eyes.  With every step she seemed to take in the world anew and experience its sights and sound to their fullest.  There seemed no sensation to subtle or small to escape her.  She walked with wide eyes and a contented smile.
Ten years go her family had fallen victim to the plague and poverty that seemed to be affecting more people as the days went by.  The world seems to be receding, cresting waves after a magnificent swell.  Insult to injury the plague arrived just in time to join the slide of civilization. Her father, Bernard Abraham Post, had once been a great scientist on the cusp of the biological revolution.  A proven genius in his field he had single handedly charted the networks of nervous fibers that served as roads upon which our every movement, our every thought was communicated.  A professor of life there were few people that understood better what made the human body course with life.  Yet in the age of steam and steel he was ridiculed for his theories on the existence of a life source and the being of soul.  In the face of his scientific fellowships scorn he broke, and was shunned.  Forced to live upon what small coin and scraps her mother could bring in as a seamstress struggling was no stranger.  Health complications for the West’s second child, Maximilian Post, Heather Post’s little brother, drained what fractional money the Post’s had saved.  No longer able to afford their middle class home they found themselves forced into a more disreputable neighborhood.  Shame and depression drove her father deep into his study locking the door for sometimes days on end. Heather was lucky to catch a glimpse of him through the keyhole of the dens door. 
For the longest time I knew Bernard Abraham Post as a friend and partner.  We were inseparable in the days of university and our brief draft into the Glasselle uprising.  Years had we spent as brothers in arms, until we eventually became what we were not in genetics, but in heart, brothers.  Where Bernard had fallen under the ridicule of the Board, I was still highly revered for my work on renewable bacterial induced induction and locomotion. As a brother and trusted partner I visited Bernard daily.  His family was my family and my heart went out to them.  Any money I offered in front of Bernard was pushed back into my pocket with a proud look upon Bernard’s face.  Only later, when I was alone with Susan, Bernard’s wife, would I slip her a few notes to make ends meet.  It tore at my very being as I observed the slow decay of a strong man I once knew.  I lived outside the city upon an estate inherited through my late father that covered an impressive acreage, while my equal was reduced to live in the slums.  No matter the offer I tended to my friend his gesture was always the same. Staying as long as I could each night I would leave a loaf of bread and a stack of ten coins. 
Heather spent her eleventh and twelfth birthdays in this misery and hardship.  Those that saw her then said she had never lost her smile or the glint of innocence in her entrapping blue eyes.  I can say with certainty I experienced the same mystification when I looked upon the dear child.  She never seemed to wane and no matter the strain, always retained an uplifting look upon her face.  The times then seemed to be a test of their metal and a run on their hope.  Though she was far to young to see it, her family poor as they were, seemed to be on the rise again.  It had seemed they had come out of their depression after three years of toil.  Susan was finally brining home enough to live on and Heather’s little brother Maxamilion seemed to be slowly recovering.  As good as life seemed was dear Heather saw less and less of her father as did I.  The two of us would stand outside his door, me listening to a pen scribble furiously accompanied by muttering and Heather trying desperately to peer through the tiny keyhole.  I often now sit and wonder what he was up to in that cramped study.  The one time I was able to see inside I was astonished at the amount of paper stacked in the corners of the room and upon the shelves.  Overflowing from drawers, the room looked as if it contained no corners just an array of papery angles ready to give way at the slightest molestation.  What research, what dreams, what madness had drove his pen to paper.
On Heathers twelfth birthday her brother was found deceased in his bed.  A pair of circles, reddish in color, the size of a copper coin, were found on the sides of his neck. I have this information second hand from Heather as I arrived much later in the day after receiving a telegram from the Watch.  The doctor that had been called had instantly proclaimed it plague upon seeing these queer welts upon the boy’s neck.  For one day we saw Bernard exit his study as his little boy’s body was burned upon orders from the doctor.  Cremation was standard practice for plague victims not wanting to end up in a mass grave in the countryside.  Little Heather’s eyes had filled with tears causing her beautiful blue eyes to glitter in the firelight.  She held her father’s hand as her mother cried inconsolable on her knees.  I found it strange to find almost no emotion upon the face of Bernard.  Others that day when asked said he showed no emotion.  Not simply a lack of emotion but the indifference of the stare directed at a slab of granite.  What little of a playmate her brother had been mattered not to Heather.  She now had no one and this people say seemed to hurt her the most.  She was not allowed out of the house and the children feared her.  Her mother spent all day and most nights working to bring in their meager pittance.  Her father, even though in the same house with her, rarely came out of his study.  People began to question what sin this family had committed to have so much negative energy focused upon them.  People shunned the street and children called out names to the lonely little girl behind the dirty glass of the home.  Rumors milled about that Heather was naught but a shell that her father filled with stolen souls of those taken by the plague.  Mad things to say I know, but what will the uneducated think in times like these.  I however, still tried to make a visit common.  Not as common as the first year of day-to-day greetings, but now a week to week.  I often found myself with just little Heather for company, as Susan worked an uncounted number of jobs and Bernard would not be pulled alive from his study.  Heather I found to be a bright girl, always with a smile, less so bright now that her brother died, but a smile nonetheless.   Friendly and inquisitive she showed true signs of genius and maturity for her young age.  I often fancied that her father had somehow found a way to place his vast intellect into her adolescent brain. 
A week after Maxamillion’s death, their mother, Susan, was struck down by the same strange plague.  The doctor’s report was queer in the fact that even though six welts were found, two opposing each other on her neck, two at her lower back, and two more found upon the forehead; they could not find symptoms of the plague.  With times as they were the citizens would have no questions or hesitations when it came to a potential plague victim.  Susan was burned the same day she was found.  Only three people attended her cremation, the coroner, little dearest Heather, and myself; a former partner and a child left without so much as a guardian. Heather’s heart seemed to be on the verge of breaking.  The loss of two family members in as many weeks, with a third living member that she had lost long ago, was too much for even me.  The neighborhood and people that knew her say she held out hope for her father and seemed to love him as much as her mother and sibling.  Heather’s heart did not seem to know how to detest a person.  Forgiveness seemed to boil over in her, which hurt her all the more.  Superstitious people swore the house was full of ghosts and souls that were wronged.  Every plant around it seemed to wither and die, every bit of thing around it slowly rusted or blackened until it was useless and ugly.  Strays and vermin avoided it as if even they found something sinister about the home.  It was said that you could search the grounds and not find one rat in a city whose streets veritably crawled with them.  I for one cannot say that I did ever see a rodent or animal of any size upon any of my visits.  Only the curious or mad neared the house only to turn away at the rotting wooden gate. 
I came and went more often now that the child was alone checking on her wellbeing and safety.  For three weeks all was silent.  On the day after the third week the clouds seemed to gather and congeal into huge formless shapes in the sky.  They rolled over one another much like ink dropped into water.  In one day the temperature dropped ten degrees and the wind died as if a door had been shut.  The trees still seemed to shiver and whisper to each other without the breath of the world.  For two minutes after the bells struck noon the ground shook and the birds screeched.  I felt it all the way to my small estate on the edge of the city thinking it was a mighty gale outside.  But upon further inspection I found the day to be dark and dreary with no wind or rain.  Neighbors of Bernard, after being questioned by me after the fact say there arose such a scream from Bernard’s home that they thought he had found a way into hell itself.  Screams not of a girl as one would expect from only little Heather living therein; but screams of a grown man.  Shrieks of pain and torment were followed by an unintelligible string of words.  It all culminated in a flash and shock that shook the small home and caused every dog within the city to utter a low long howl of sadness.  Whippoorwills covered every inch of the yard when I arrived, their cries an absurd mockery of the agony within.  The local constabulary arrived when I did in the shadowed stoop of the home.  As we knocked upon the door the birds screaming rose as did the screams from inside the home until we were all covering our ears.  A few were on their knees praying to their God, or just clutching their head in pain.  Like a conductor releasing the cord on a steam horn, all at once the sound stopped so suddenly I had been momentarily taken off balance and needed to catch myself from falling.  In a cloud of wings and feathers the Whippoorwills took to the roiling sky quickly disappearing from sight. 
The door we found locked but was soon kicked in by a rather burly constable.  Inside we found Heather kneeling in the middle of the small room that served as entry, living room and kitchen. The room had been cleared, the pitiful furniture cast against the walls, so all that remained was Heather in her finest dress of white and pink flowers.  About her head was tied a stained dark grey handkerchief, and in her ears wads of cotton.  To her immediate right and left were two guttering lard candles whose pungent odor was mingling with a strange stink in the air.  Around her interrupted by only the two candles was a grainy white substance - later identified as salt - that formed a rough circle.  What we were to hear from her and find here was simply baffling.
Heather’s account stated that her father had lit the candles and poured the salt before setting her inside the circle and telling her not to move.  He had stressed to her, in what she called a “wild-eyed panic”, that she was not to move from that spot no matter what she heard.  He had then blindfolded her and left.  Moments later, to her, the police then broke down the door.  Most curious to us all was the fact that she had not heard our calls, the birds, or most amazing, her fathers screams of agony.  Most were quick to explain it all away as repressed memories and psychological trauma in highly elevated mental distress.  It was the time of technology and the constabulary’s new fondness for documentation brought about a man with a camera to record all of what they saw.  We can only guess at what was inside my former partner, Bernard Abraham Post’s, study.  I remember cyclopean piles of paper and gargantuan tomes of surreal thickness.  Looking upon it that day was as if it were a different scene altogether.  The room looked as if it had been shut inside a blast furnace.  Nothing remained but the chard hard and blacked walls and ankle deep ashes on the floor itself. Yet there was no smoke or heat upon entering the room, as if the fire had happened ages ago and now all that was left was a century of ashes and dust. The damage to the floor stopped abruptly at the inner doorframe as if a line had been draw. I stood looking into the room remembering Bernard tell me in one of his more lucid states that he had found a book; a powerful book of old, long since forgotten by man.  Convinced his search for the ever-elusive soul was growing nearer he had talked about the book in hushed whispers.  There was a single note, pinned to Heather’s dress.  It said simply that his daughter Heather Rose Post was to be given control over all his remaining assets and then she was to become the ward of his former partner, me.  No scrawling of a madman, no letter, just those two lines and his signature.
A lengthy investigation followed that turned up little to nothing but questions.  Torn down and ground into the dirt the home was treated like a cancer and the lot cut from the street down to the bedrock a week later.  Heather was remanded to my care where everyone said she would be better off. I was moderately wealthy not of least from my inheritance but also from my own research and machination.  In the few years that had spanned Bernard’s downfall I had acquired three merchant ships and outfitted them as research vessels that I often employed.  I had only two people in my life when Heather entered, a maid whom was indispensable, and my own mother whom was long ago deaf and blind. 
It seemed an easy life to adjust too, and Heather brightened considerably.  With the enormous amount of support and care that I showed her she was soon right as spring rain.  I had no daughter of my own but desperately wanted a child.  My own wife had died long ago in childbirth, which I saw as a sign that I was not supposed to father progeny. In my depression I had married my work upon their passing. With Heather, I found a new daughter, one to spoil rotten.  It was the least she deserved.  Her smile and happiness flourished in the days passed.  The best tutors money could buy fueled her cleverness and intelligence.  I have to admit; I have not seen someone absorb so much knowledge as quickly as she was able.  It was not a matter of reading a book a few times to do apply the garnered information to research.  If she read a book it was entrapped, stored in her pretty little cranium until she needed it.  She mourned her family - that you could see deep in her blue eyes - but she moved on not allowing herself to become caught up in the past.  She did however, to most peoples instant dissatisfaction, vow to follow in her father’s footsteps.  Coming from a petite female child this bold statement was laughed at, nothing but a fanciful suggestion was labeled to the notion.  But there were those that saw the small but radiant glint in her eye. If only for a moment her innocence was replaced with something more mature, something ancient and primal, something we all contain but least let it venture forth keep it contained.  Only for a flick of a cat’s whisker was it present but looking back now I am not so sure that the face of this innocent and delicate girl could have been anything but that.  Some say the tragic incident caused a part of her father to become lodged in the mind of his child.  Part of what he had been so desperately looking.  What can be the truth of it all can never be known because the only one that knew for certain was an innocent little girl that would not have thoughts like that on her mind.
On her thirteenth birthday a package arrived via armed courier, from Bernard to his daughter, addressed to my estate.  It was dated well before his death, and according to the courier had been paid for in advance with instructions to deliver it here at this time on this date.  The lean man that delivered it claimed it had been there so long they had a pool on weather it would be deliverable.  Curious I inspected the date and found it to be a good five years my younger.  A knocking on my memories door had set a brief frown on my face as I fished for the date within my mind.  There was something about it that rang with importance.  With a flash of brief horror and understanding I remembered.  The large package was dated a day aftermost that of which the Scientific Board voted to have Bernard excommunicated from their ranks. Had he known then what was going to happen? Had he anticipated his family’s demise? Perish the thought, had he perpetuated this whole tragedy?  What avenues of consciousness had he walked down to know that I would be in the care of his daughter on this date?
After presenting my signature to the courier and receiving his thanks I took the package in and laid it upon the table.  A great thing wrapped in weathered brown butcher’s paper and wired twine with the small scrawling of ink in Bernard’s familiar hand. After sending the maid to call for Heather I applied a stout scissors to the twine.  Heather arrived quietly as I was unfolding the thick waxy paper from the contents.  Our eyes fell upon a great book twenty inches in length least four that wide and a great six solid inches in sheer pages least the covers.  Bound with heavy leather over iron plates riveted to great iron bands that terminated in a piano hinge as thick as my finger at the edge of each cover only to meet in two heavy iron locks upon the breech. A set of locks for which, neither Heather nor I possessed a key.  No markings or title indicated what the tome may contain or hint at its origins.  The spine was a quart inch of pitted back iron that held only the hinges and a trio of curious scratches. The envelope that lay atop the book contained a short note describing the events his family had, or would have according to his predictions.  Heather took it as I inspected the book, only after she had finished would I learn what was contained within the letter.  To my immediate horror upon laying eyes upon the words scrawled in ink I found it went into detail about each death in his family.  Including his own mad demise and the remission of his daughter to me.  A thirteen year old should never have been submitted to the grotesque admission contained in that letter.  In fact no mortal man should be suffered to know what she only found out. I had not but a moment to read the letter before it fell away to dust in my own hands.  When I asked her what details the body of the letter contained on the second page, she simply replied, the future.  There have been no two words more chilling than those uttered from a girl child’s voice in the most serious intent. 
From her year of thirteen to fourteen see seem paranoid taking to look over her shoulder every few moments to make sure none stood at her back.  There was a change about her whether it be just the maturation of the mind or the horrors of puberty. I claim ignorance of the female system knowing only what every man comes to learn. Thank the theologian’s God for Marta my maid; I must remember to raise her pay again.  I have raised her pay enough times to make her the most well paid maid in the city, perhaps one of the most well paid employees in the city.  For certain she deserves every penny.  I’ve never seen a soul outwork that determined Irish lass.  Taking care of my ward and mother was a task not lightly seen to.  I often joke to myself in my study that I should marry the girl and make her my official wife.  But then again, you cannot pay a wife to do what only Marta can. 
During the years Heather grew in my home I delved deep into my bacterial energy transposition theories often taking wild new roads.  I took her in as she seemed alive with questions about my work.  It was almost as if she had always been there as my daughter and never that of my departed partner.  The feeling became so mutual that she now called me Father instead of Uncle.  Her mind was sharp as a razor and comprehension of abstract problems was astonishing.  In one year she had easily assimilated all of my research and theories until by the age of fifteen she was starting to provide me with new avenues of thought.  Avenues that were at first mad, then as my comprehension of the solution grew, genius.  Heather excelled at neigh phenomenal rates.  It was not as if she were learning things, but almost as if she were remembering them.  By the beginning of her sixteenth birthday she had written two papers under the guise of Doctor Abraham Cornelius Emmanuel, both of which were published with honors. He mind was growing so fast that she had conquered over half of my vast library.  Two stories of books in an impressive tower lined with oak and brass.  The speed at which she read frightened me on an intellectual level, she was able to almost fan through the pages of a book to read it in its entirety. I once chuckled at this antic thinking it impossible, but once upon seeing her do this to one of my favorite books.  One that I had personally memorized over the course of years, I questioned her about its contents.  Not light questions, not general questions, I asked specific questions only a familiar reader would know.  To every question, was the given the perfect answer.  Not only had she read it, she had understood it.  Her blue eyes would glitter like a pair of hypnotizing diamonds in her petite face as they tore through paragraphs.
 Indeed she was beautiful behind those heavy reading glasses and scattered black hair, but one would never know from her pale skin and svelte frame.  I could not remember the last time I had seen her outside.  The skinny whippet of a girl often sat at the rail of one of the library tower’s levels, or perched halfway up a ladder on her way to obtain a certain book only to be distracted reading a book that caught her eye on the way. Like it was attached to her body she drug around a giant blank tome of a ledger that she had found somewhere in my study.  I had supplied her with one of the latest dual chamber capillary gravity pens.  This fantastic invention, of which I was most excited, needed no ink pot and could be refilled with a steady hand. The sheer simple and obvious nature of this invention was the sign of a true genius.  Here I am attempting to bring about something wholly new with no application yet conceived, when a much simpler man just looked around and said what could make life easier.  A quill pen that made little to no mess and could be taken anywhere and in so creating this simple invention he allowed all of us to do our jobs cleaner and quicker.  We often think of ourselves as the inventors but we often take for granted the simple tools we would be helpless without. You could always find the capillary pen stabbed into the giant mess of a bun that she kept her hair as if it had grown to be part of her.  On her slow days she refilled the pen several times.  I had yet to fill my own twice in the last month, and have filled three journals worth of information.  Either she was a messy writer or she wrote more then a dozen scribes, my bet was on the latter.  Helping her had its most definite advantages; she was a natural muse and a handy partner.  Her problem solving abilities surpassed any of the people I knew.  With positive though you will always find negative.
The Scientific Board knew I was allowing her lessons from the most learned men, and tutors of her every desire.  They frowned upon my ‘humoring the girls flights of fancy’. And so they labeled me as a dreamer and slowly began to rot my reputation. Where my theories and papers were praised in the past now they were chided and questioned.  Here this continent of politics often drove any idea, and this was perfect truth.  Counting myself lucky I put on an act, fore just two days hence a quite nasty letter from the Board arrived stating they would cut my research funding if I did not heed their demands.  Unknown to the conservative regressives I had signed research contracts with a joint Japanese and Middle Eastern partners not a week before their demands in anticipation of their very threats.  My new backers cared little for the politics over seas wanting only the pure research and not some trustee’s dated opinion.  It was not until I informed the Board of my funding change that they practically begged me not to leave, even offering me a seat on their precious board.  Hasty had they been in their judgments of my want to expand my daughter’s, or rather, ward’s mind.  I agreed to stay in the area and serve on the Board but continued my international investments.  With no Board looking over my shoulder I was of free reign, and found my flights of fancy encouraged.
Near the end of Heather’s sixteenth year she had published another three papers, one on the evolution of the North Shore upheavals, and two on the cultural significance of life and the cultural significance of death under the pseudonym of Doctor Abraham Cornelius Emmanuel.  The latter two had raised a brief outcry from theology scholars about the direct line of comparison to faith and science.  It was not until her seventeenth birthday when she received a letter for Doctor Abraham Cornelius Emmanuel, it was not odd to receive letters for her pseudonym, that the tension became palpable.  Mostly composed of questions or praise for her work with the occasional scathing letter from some bruised ego.  This time it was of a more specific nature, the Scientific Board had invited him to their yearly Scientific World Conference.  To discuss, debate, and act on a panel of judges over a large range of subjects.  I myself had received a similar letter only a day previous and sent my confirmation reply.  Doctor Abraham’s letters were routed through a shell address in town and then forwarded to my address to keep Heather’s persona secret.  I had help her set up the privacy net and pseudonym even buying her a small furnished flat inside the middle class quarter that she could claim was her alter ego’s home.  It was not until they were calling upon her to act as a judge on the most renowned panel in the civilized world that it finally struck me how smart she actually was. 
I am a genius, let us not forget, my intellect has been tested and thoroughly analyzed by the most elite.  I have recorded well off the charts in almost all areas of knowledge.  I want you to understand how smart I am, for when I tell you that my mind pales in comparison to hers it does not pass lightly by.  For the past year she has gained in so much intelligence that my thoughts when lined up beside hers look as if I were a mongoloid.  Never have I seen someone assimilate knowledge like her.  Heather had gone from my daughter of thirteen to a trusted research partner at seventeen, like her biological father had once been long ago. 
At seventeen and a month she attended her father, me, to the World Scientific Convention.  Questions and quiet unrest were thick as she applied herself to Doctor Abraham Cornelius Emmanuel’s seat.  Three of the thirty-two Board members stood up in outrage not yet realizing what the act signified.  The audience of attending international scientists was awash in mumble din of confusion and anticipation of this unfolding drama. Never had science stroked the scandal with drama such as this. They knew of Doctor Abraham Cornelius Emmanuel’s work in Theology, Biology, and Evolution well.  The good doctor came in high acclaim in the few short years after he appeared on the scene.  Before the unrest upon the Board could turn to an outright riot Heather Rose Post Gardener, Gardener being my last name she took when officially adopted, stood and raised her hand for silence.  She explained in a sweet stern voice what she had done and why she had done it.  Coloring her explanation with examples of her experience and deep knowledge she soon had the room once again captivated in the sound theories and studies of Doctor Abraham Cornelius Emmanuel.  By the time she was once again seated she had the council grudgingly agreeing to allow her to participate and the attendee’s applause.  With little more than a fuss from a few ruffled feathers the Convention went on.
Hundreds of questions were fielded and the panel returned answers.  Heather chimed in here and there offering additional thoughts or even the occasional abstract solution to a problem. Twice she had played devil’s advocate to a field Doctor Abraham Cornelius Emmanuel was known to support just to show her ability to reason. It was not until very late in the day that a question of the force of life and soul came from the attendees.  The girl that was just seventeen was the first to answer among the uncertainty of men.  She did not stop speaking after she had begun.  Her answer was long and seemingly breathless, not that anyone noticed her near lack of exhalation concentrated as they were on her words.  When she had finished and sat the attendees in the room sank into a contemplative silence.  The speech had not startled or angered them. Her reasoning had done what everyone had feared; it made them reconsider all that they knew on the condition of a new and rational explanation.  Faith had been shaken to its very foundation by this wisp of womanhood.  The Board had heard this theory before, eight years before in fact, and then it had been presented incomplete by an man in his mid forties still unsure about his theorem.  They had thrown him out of the fellowship and drove him to poverty in their outrage.  Eight years later, a speech unrecorded and filed away only in the minds of those that entertained the farce had resurfaced.  And from the mouth of the shunned man’s very daughter the theorem had been completed and appeared provable. 
I was shocked beyond words, there was no way that she could have known what her father had said that day eight years ago, and no way that she could have learned of it from anyone else.  It had not been recorded by anyone I knew, and was certainly not in my library.  She had come up with almost an identical theory on the presence of a soul after death and improved upon it one hundred fold.  So convincing was her point, the attendees looked wistfully at the doors of the conference room, as if anxious to leave and attempt to test this adolescent theory.  The conference ended shortly after, only a few questions asked after the evidence of a soul speech.  To be honest I do not think any of us were thinking of much more after she had spoke. 
Most tried to pass it off as a little girl’s prank, petulance directed at a body that she claimed destroyed her father.  I know she has never made such claims but they were spread about freely as if she were screaming them from the rooftops.  Others laughed it off as a little girl trying to emulate her late father for gain and attention with extreme viewpoints.  A few went back to their labs and worked their meager intellects to the bone trying to prove or disprove my darling Heather.  Success was not found in either direction, only one thing was for certain.  For the span of five minutes after her speech everyone in the room felt a chill run down their spine as they have never felt before.  Like that of a secret you were unaware you held until the very moment of its betrayal. A chill like that of discovering a corner in thin air that looked around the side of reality and into truth. One man, who years later hanged himself when an accident claimed his son, wrote in a paper that, in that span we had all finally ‘understood’.  When asked what we understood he just replied with the same.  His parting letter stated simply that he so understood that he had no fear shedding his mortal coil to be with his boy.
Having a taste of the scientific minds out there and picking the few brains worth her time; Heather was more determined than ever to prove herself a capable scientist.  Not just a scientist, she wanted to prove that these were her ideas and not the ideas of a raving madman.  Not the recycled thoughts of all those that came before her.  No she wanted to prove to everyone that her ideas were her own. 
Heather’s fame was short lived.  A week after the foundation shaking speech the manor was broken into. The night was cold and a winter storm blew outside like wraiths circling their brick and mortar victim.  A loud crack of a doorframe being split woke me from my sleep and raised voices guided me downstairs.  I was rendered unconscious via the butt of a pistol as I rushed to the library to confront the commotion.  My last memory before blackness was of three men bearing down on Heather, a look of terror in her eyes. When I awoke the snow was slowly inching in through the broken door.  The darkness of night consumed by the small storm blowing the snow in curtains.  They had taken her and gone.  No note was left, no ransom demanded, her little nest of papers and books had been ransacked in search of something.  Weather or not they found it I will never know.  I reported her kidnaping as early I could after the storm subsided and the roads were safe to travel.  Not much could be done about her disappearance, the snow had obliterated all traces of tracks and there was simply no evidence to follow.  The commissioner, a dear friend of mine, took pity on me and assigned a group of two men to scour the countryside for a week in search of her or her captors.  I could not give much of a description besides, three unsavory characters with visages of dockside workers with thick beards dressed in heavy knit.  After two days of searching they grimly reported back, a body had been found.
In an abandoned mill on the Carwell river some ten miles away near a well they had found a body. White female, of approximate height and weight of the victim in question, time of death roughly estimated to a day after the kidnaping.  The only factor holding the constabulary from saying it was my Heather with one-hundred percent certainty was the body’s missing head.  The body had been there for a few days and the rats had also gotten to it devouring the fingertips and toes along with various softer intimate parts of her body.  Just a sickening glance though told me in my heart that it was Heather.  Identification was made for certain at the location of a peculiar birthmark upon her shoulder; a set of three freckles in an equilateral triangle.  No matter how much I did not want to believe that her body lay cold and dead, the evidence was clear.  I have never suffered such heartache since my own wife died in childbirth.  Explosions containing despair ripped though my mind and body.  My daughter was dead, I had failed her, my former partner and her father had chosen the wrong man.  The case was closed and shelved having no further evidence to work, stamped with an explanation of a robbery kidnaping gone wrong.
I was unconvinced of the constable’s conclusion, and felt a more sinister plot behind the brutal theft of her life.  Two days after she had been found and interned at our family’s mausoleum, since she was and had been by any measure my daughter, her body once again went missing.  She was to lay, as was custom in our family dating back to years of triple digits, upon the slab of marble just inside the doors for three days before cremation.  This was an ancient ritual that dated back to my family’s pagan roots and their belief the soul was wanted to return to the earth before the material shell was reduced to ash.  Infuriated I ranted and raved for days at anyone that would listen, and at anyone who thought they could ignore me.  Not only had my daughter been kidnaped and murdered, now her body is stolen.  Rumors started to spread that I myself had stolen her body in some bizarre experiment of her own making.  Attempting to bring animation back to dead tissue and storage of the soul. The commissioner quelled the rumors as quickly as he could to chasten my reputation as a friend. 

                                        	~@~  ~@~  ~@~

Interview of  Farmer Howard and his wife Gertrude in the winter of Heather Rose Post Gardener’s return.

A full year and a three quarter departed landing the small city on the front door of winter. I received the most curious visitors on a clear and sunny winters day.  In their care they had someone that stopped my mind in its tracks.  I go ahead of myself and must return to tell of how the farmer came into possession of what appeared to be, my daughter, Heather Rose Post Gardener.
 A farmer that went by the name of Howard, owned a small farm outside of town about a mile from my own manor and lands.  It sat below and between my land and another farm that bordered the Carwell river.  He had been out a second day looking for a stray cow that had wandered out of the paddock for the second time in as many days.  The skinny cow had wandered out into the flat snow dusted field to try to find something in the stubble that was left.  The weather fair and as he recalled about midday there was snow to his ankles but no wind to cut at you.  Here farmer Howard found more than he was indeed looking for.  Though he found no cow, through the field wandered a girl with skin nearly whiter than the snow around her.  Naked as the day she was born save for dirty bandages on her feet, hands, and wrapped about her head.  Only one eye was visible for the rest of her head was wrapped in soiled linens that looked to serve as bandages.  She may have passed unnoticed by farmer Howard as he recalled her nearly silent footsteps making her all but an audible ghost of white on white, if it were not for the blazing crimson sash tied about her throat.  It was so red in contrast to the bleached world that at first the good farmer Howard had been concerned that her throat had been cut and her blood was ushering forth in ribbons.  She took very little notice of him as she stumbled through the stubble and buried mounds within the field as if she had just acquired the use of her legs.  By the time he could reach to her, she had stumbled and fallen more than dozen times.  At first Howard had spoke to her, what he had said, he did not remember when I asked.  Probably a greeting he concurred.  She showed no response to his calls or even when he stood directly in front of her, the single eye unresponsive.  This action, which would have stopped even the most inebriated, was lost upon her.  Her one visible ice gray eye focused on something far, far away. It was not until she started to pass him that he reached out and touched her bare white shoulder. 
They both reacted in surprise, the farmer Howard from the chilling feeling in his fingertips, and the girl as she seemed to snap back to reality.  She responded with a yelp as if she were no more than a whipped dog.  The long unusually curly white hair moved about her bandage-covered head like wisps of smoke.  With her shoulder lowered as if he had dealt her a great blow she backed away a frightened look in her eye.  The farmer Howard later explained that the first contact with her skin had been like trusting his hand into the frozen waters of the Carwell. 
At fast as he recoiled he was attempting to calm her and move near her to catch her.  Anyone dressed the way she was in this season should not have lasted more than an hour in the elements before they were no more than a frozen part of the landscape.   Farmer Howard’s fellow hound which had found the fugitive bovine had been slowly herding its charge towards the paddock found his master no where near and lopped back to him.  At first Howard believed the dog mad and about to attack the poor helpless girl.  But the dog stopped in front of Howard placing itself between her frail form and his squat one.   The dog bared its teeth and growled low and fierce at Howard, in protection of the girl.  This loyal canine of nearly a decade had never once so much as growled at him.  To see it with hackles raised and teeth bared was like looking into a face he had never known. In the same instant the dog growled the girl had leapt forward and clung to the dog as if it were the only bit of wood in a vast raging sea. 
The good farmer Howard later recalled he must have been out for nearly an hour and a half trying to calm both the girl and the dog.  He, who had been dressed for the weather, was chilled to the bone.  The girl however, seemed to be ignorant of the frigid weather.  After about an hour she once again attained that far away look in her eye and began softly singing something.  When asked if he could remember any of what she had sung, the farmer replied that it was a blank space inside his mind.  He had never been one to carry a tune and was growing hard of hearing in his old age.  He remembered her singing but of what escaped him.  When her song ended she fell to her side and the dog whimpered and cried licking her face returning to the hound Howard had known all it life.
Now unconscious the good farmer Howard took her back to his small farmhouse connected to the barn.  He told me that he had left her in the urgent care of his wife and had returned to the field before evening.  His intent was to track her from where she came or to discover where she was going.  Where she came was easy as her tracks were clear and undisturbed by the favorable weather.  Though they went on for much father than the farmer had originally thought, after about a mile or so of following and seeing no end in site her returned home to saddle up his old plow nag.  It was not until dark that he reached his destination, a run down mill upon the Carwell river.  He knew of the place, he had lived in the area for twenty-three years and remembered it well.  To confirm his suspicions and growing horror he returned to the spot he found the girl.  It was dark and bitterly cold, but no wind had blown and the air was as clear as crystal.  Aligning himself with her path and pointing himself in the direction she had been headed he saw only one light on in the distance.  The death of my daughter was well known to the surrounding communities, the unsolved tragedy had weighed heavy on many minds.  Considering his home was closer if she had been looking for help he knew the feeling in the pit of his stomach telling him that his was not the destination she had been meant for.  The light in the distance was her intended destination.
A scream from his own home not far away sent him to his door with an axe in hand like lightning striking the ground.  He stood in the doorway to find his wife with her hands on her ample hips and round face as red as a tomato.  Not a scene of danger but of frustration of mother to child, of which Howard knew well having fathered six children of his own.  He set the axe down and closed the door his wife pointing him to the girl huddled in the corner.  Back to them, adjusting a red sash about her neck she peered at them over her shoulder.  Disgust and pity had welled up in him as he described what I was to find later.  Upon her back was a mess of scars, whips, holes, and burns that caused it to look like a tattered fishing net. 
Howard had not remembered seeing them when he found her as he had been more concerned with a naked girl succumbing to the elements in his field.  Gertrude while caring for the unconscious girl had discovered these scars upon the young woman’s body, and as a mother does, began to investigate.  Stripping her of the feet and hand bandages the wife had found old thick stitching scars about her ankles and wrists that looked to be still healing.  The old women, a traditionalist, looked upon the red sash as a vulgar icon, like that of a scarlet letter.  Attempting to remove it the girl had sprung away and struck the old wife’s hands before leaping for a corner.  On edge from having received the girl, witnessed the gruesome scars and now a sudden explosion of life, the wife had uttered the scream and instantly regretted it.  Embarrassed and slightly outraged by her own antics as well as the girl’s she had been red faced when Howard had found her. 
It took them the better part of an hour to coax her from the corner and back into their favor.  She was calm as long as no-one made a move for her sash.  Being this close to her in the heat offered up a whole new experience.  She stank, in the words of good farmer Howard, ‘she stank of sour milk and garlic having sweated sulfur from her very pores’.  Instead of just dunking the miserable wretch into a tub and scrubbing her until her skin came away the old wife carefully sponged what she could,careful not to disturb the healing scars upon her extremities.  Once calmed and given a crust of bread to pick at the girl had sat quietly in the shallow basin.  Having sent the good farmer Howard to attend to the fire while old Gertrude cleaned the she found she had no one to help her with stripping the girl of her head bandage. Not wanting a repeat of earlier old Gertrude set aside the sponge and clean bandages and gone to find her husband.  Enlisting the help of old Howard who had fallen into slumber tending to the hearth, the elderly couple returned to a curious site.  In perfect cheer the girl had been carefully securing the last of the clean bandages to her own head.  The pile of soiled bandages was revealed to contain a mass of dried blood. Stains of red peaked out from her stained white hair where the new bandages had failed to cover it.  Howard seeing this immediately turned to his companion of two-score and more years.  Knowing then what he knew now he stopped her from rushing forward to check on the girl’s condition seeing her in perfect spirits. By the time Howard had calmed his wife the girl had turned around and they saw her single visible eye glistening in the lamplight.  The icy gray of the iris seemed richer in color and texture than the finest precious stone.  Glinting only for a moment in the most hideous fashion she was left standing happy in her own silence and their shock.  For that breath the old Gertrude felt something tug at her heart.  Whether it had been a longing for one of her own children back in her home or a twinge of fear knowing she could not stay remained unknown. 
Late into the night as it was they coaxed her into one of Gertrude’s old nightgowns; it hung about her like a bed sheet draped over a fence post.  Without a fuss she had allowed them to dress her but by no amount of influence could they cause her to eat.  Howard later apologized for any nutritional loss on their part, but I assured him that they had done what was right.  The elderly couples own night was fitful and sleepless as compared to the stray’s, who slept more soundly than a rock.  Set upon a pile of furs they had stacked in front of the fire she lay until the dawn began to peek above the frost.  It was only then did they hear something from the hearth.  Farmer Howard reported it as if he were ashamed himself to admit it, wringing his worn cap in his thick hands and casting nervous glances at his equally nervous wife, as if the utterance would make him as crazy as the whole story sounded.  I assured him that I would not judge even the most farfetched fantasy he could relate. To his ears had come a man’s voice, no not such a man as we know but a maleness unbecoming of a young woman such as was left sleeping in front of the hearth.  Rousing and arming himself, old farmer Howard had stepped out of the small bedroom and peered bleary eyed at the hearth.  The girl, he claims was standing, limbs limp, facing the embers.  It was only after he had coaxed her back to the pile of furs that he noticed that same smell of sulfur.  Where it came from he could not say but it had worked its potent stench into the very stone of the hearth. 
Through his retelling of this strange occurrence, the good farmer Howard and his wife crossed themselves many a time with the Holy crucifix.  They feared what she symbolized even though they were not willing to put the meaning into words for ears were not fit.  From the goodness of their hearts and very souls though they had helped her, a young girl, no matter the clouds that shade her could not be left to her own.  I cannot say I have seen more selfless people then these two old farmers.  I would not be surprised at the least if they did not hesitate to offer the clothing off their own back to a man in need.  I made a note to myself to have a half dozen good stout milking cows delivered anonymously to the couple. 
In the morning as the cock crowed the good farmer Howard hitched up their small cart and the good mother Gertrude dressed the girl in a warm fur coat and quilted blanket.  Moving on instinct the good farmer Howard had bravely set out in the direction his ward had been traveling the day he discovered her.  The path ultimately led him directly to my manor on the edge of the city. Admitting he had not known if he should be entrusting her to the authorities or I, he had felt that I would do her no harm since I was so well respected in the city.  Our lands had bordered each other’s for as long as either of the two of us could recall we had never had a dispute or cross word.  He claims, although I have no memory of it, that I had even supplied him with two bushels of seeds when I had a surplus one spring.  Never having the opportunity to thank me he did so now. 
I do have to admit when they came to my door I was quite perplexed.  Seeing the three of them, the old man and his wife and the bundled up quilted shapeless form standing in my foray.  Curious as always I met them with a smile and warm greeting offering coffee, tea, or a warming brandy.  Passing on the hospitalities, they then presented, amidst hesitant and cautious words, what they had brought.  I was cheerful and only too curious thinking it at first a child of theirs, perhaps one who was inquiring about a potential job.  But as they related their story the old matron Gertrude brought the girl forward and peeled the quilt away as if it were a wrapper.  It was not until I laid my eyes on that curious birthmark upon her shoulder as the coat was removed and the loose strap of nightgown slipped from her delicate shoulders flashing the blemish.  Not until I looked upon her bandaged face did I find that single visible eye staring at me intently.  There was a sad cheerfulness lost in the icy gray depths.
Before the elderly couple could even finish their story the character they so explained I knew as Heather in my heart, spoke the first words any of us had heard from her mouth, in a whispered and muffled, ‘Father’.  It was of course stunned silence as she rushed forward and threw her arms about me grasping me close.  Tears poured into my chest as she burst into sobs and a wailing depression.  It was a handful of minutes before she could be quieted in my arms of which she would not leave under her own volition.  They had finished their story and offered a few questions of their own.  I was happy to supply them with answers of which they showed obvious shock and gave to much crossing themselves.  It was almost too much for the elderly couple to handle gracefully.  They soon left after I assured them that I would go to the police with the story. 
And so here she sits before me in a dirty nightgown that continued to slip from the perch of her shoulder even as it was replaced.  Marta stood beside me her hands at her mouth looking into the eye of the bandaged head.  Asking her to bring fresh bandages and boiled water I sent Marta away.  Heather knew her name as I spoke it but she remained strangely mute even after her single utterance earlier.  As Marta returned with the water and gauze I moved my chair forward explaining to Heather what I was to do.  She nodded vigorously in acknowledgment leaning forward.  The single icy eye rarely left my face and hands as I took the bandages from around her head.  To what I found no child let alone human should ever suffer.  A whimper from Marta behind me was but an understatement to what went through my mind.  Together Heather’s lips had been sewn with thick coarse thread.  The stitches had broken loose on one side allowing her to move the corner of her mouth in short panting breaths.  Horrifying as the grotesque stitches were they were no match for the stitches that encircled her left eye.  Tiny as they were and precise as if laid by a skilled hand, an irregular oval of stitches encircled her eye and eyebrow as if someone had taken it out and replaced it with another.  The two eyes no longer matched in color, her right eye a haunting grey that seemed to be slowly turning an icy blue and her left an unnaturally brilliant emerald.  Once curly raven black hair had spilled from her head onto her shoulders, now hair as white as the snow out my window; not of blond stock but truly white. Upon further inspection I found more fine tiny stitches around her scalp and down the meanline of her skull to the base of her neck.  I found myself in pain just looking upon the vicious scars, as if someone had replaced pieces of my own skull as with hers.  She looked in no pain even as I inspected her stiches and sutures with my own skilled hand.  Not as knowledge in human biology as my former partner and her biological father, I was none the less certified to perform most major surgeries if needed; having spent some of my time in the services as a battlefield surgeon.  Here however, a more delicate touch was required then that of the field. 
After the better part of an hour I had dabbed clean her rough and bruise blotchy face.  Removing the corse thread from her lips and checking her mouth for further damage I watched as she took a deep breath.  A breath that spoke of a relief that had been long and anxiously awaited.  The relief in her queerly matched eyes was apparent immediately, even leaning forward and wrapping her arms about my neck in another hug. 

