Spice of Life
By Jambalaya the Pitjambalayathepit@gmail.com


His hand came down again, behind the stars that filler Mirliton’s eyes and the electric fire running through her face she felt a tooth bounce off of her tongue and lodge in the back of her throat.  The fourth descent of her father’s hand was arrested by her gaging and the vomit that followed.  Mirliton doubled over retching fighting the desire to black out.
“Bouzin sal! You clean that up girl. Then you go clean up your mother.” Bisque knelt and took her ear in his hand and pushed his muzzle deep. “Then you come back here and do as you told.”  
His free hand grabbed the base of her tail and wrenched it up causing her to cough up a yelp.  Mirliton watched him stumble to his paws, give her one last lecherous look and turn to leave bouncing off the doorframe.  He swore a string of curses and vanished into the kitchen in search of more wine. 
Mirliton rubbed the tears from her eyes with the back of her hand.  She told herself they were not tears of fear or sadness, nor even that of pain.  The liquid trickling from her eyes was simply a physical reaction to the beating.  She stared down at the chunky tawny soup between her knees and the single bright white point in the sea of mess.  She felt nothing, she knew she should be sad, afraid, sick, or even angry, but… Mirliton brushed aside a half digested carrot and picked up her tooth.  Her tongue found the hole just behind her canine.  Pristine white with a small skirt of plaque before the bloody root it looked so tiny outside her mouth.  The dizziness abated and the heat of the pain in her face began to recede as the hot tears rolled down her cheeks in earnest. She told herself again that it was just a physical reaction.  
Mirliton found her mother passed out on the bathroom floor naked save for a sock dangling from one paw.  A cigarette smoldered on the seat of the toilet surrounded by a ring of butts as if the john had a pack a day habit.  A bottle of rum lay in a pool of its own liquor unable to control the evacuation of its contents as her mother lay in a pool of the same. Mirliton leaned on the doorframe looking down at the unconscious red pitbull; the only sign of life was the sporadic intake of breath almost as if the body had forgotten to breathe.  
“At least you made it onto the tile this time.” She muttered stepping into the foul smelling room.  
This had been a weekly routine for her since she had turned eleven and her mother had sought comfort in the bottle as her father sought comfort in his daughter. Mirliton pulled her mother’s legs into the tub first; moving a body that was more or less dead seemed a herculean task to a girl in her teens.  She had learned from her uncle, who was one of the best gator trappers in the area, how to roll a body that outweighed you five times over into a boat. Mirliton levered her mother’s hips onto the edge of the tub and with a quick twist spun her torso over the lip.  
Mirliton felt her paws leave the tub as her mother’s shoulder occupied the space they had been.  Her hands went out to grab anything but met only with moldering tile and rusty pipes.  The back of her head hit the shower knob and the icy rain crashed down upon them.  Mirliton lay with her mother in the bottom of the tub as the shower sputtered and groaned as if every droplet were an effort that could be the end of its life.  She wrapped her arms around the comatose body and pulled her close. The cold was forgotten as Mirliton sang softly stroking her mother’s cropped ears.
“On down to the river we go.
White gowns towing clouds.
On down to the river we go.
Tongues lifting spirits proud.


Here run the waters of our soul
There go the fathers of our home
Where are the mothers of our child?
On down to the river they go


Jump in the river paws rejoice
Toss out the line for just a bite
Wash ‘way soil ‘til your soul is clean
Down to the river you go.”


Mirliton poked her head around the corner of the bedroom; the snores were the herald of her relief.  Her father lay in the tattered ez-chair with one arm wrapped around a bottle of wine and the other buried in his stained boxers.  The scrambled feed of a satellite channel moaned and screamed with the faux passion of cheap coitus.  She adjusted her towel before moving to turn the TV off and lift the wine bottle from her father’s arm.  He snorted and licked his jowls muttering something before continuing his snore.   His breath stank of rotting teeth and spoiled wine but was only an accent to the overall odor coming from his fur.  The memory of the sour taste of him in her mouth would never leave her and even now with his effluence filling her nostrils she felt as if her head was between his legs.  
With all the rage and abuse suffered over seven years she screamed his name as she swung the wine bottle into his skull.  His eyes flashed open but were uncomprehending as his left eye socket caved in as the bottle shattered.  He gurgled a font of gore and shook violently as if he were being electrocuted.  
His snoring sputtered and he shifted in his chair, the hand in his shorts reflexively stroked himself and the tip of his redness peaked out above the waistband.   She wrinkled her muzzle and bared her teeth in a silent snarl as the weight of the wine bottle grew heavier.  The colossal mass would not be swung no matter how hard she try.  


The night was cool on her damp fur as she exited the trailer and set off into the dark rows between mobile homes.  Even with her hood up she felt that she was exposed to the world.  Her pace was quick skirting the edge of the dim lights and places of life active even at the late hour.  Her thoughts ran sluggishly refusing to coalesce into anything more than self-hatred.  That little chorus of voices in the back of her head listed her faults in no particular order but with the reckless abandon of an environmental protestors screaming into the wind of an oil magnate. 
“I am weak.  I am a fool.  I am a slut.  I am soiled.  I am dumb.  I am a disease. I will never be loved.  I will never escape. I am nobody. I don’t care.  I don’t need these emotions.  I don’t need help.  I am fine on my own. Leave me alone! Alone!”
Mirliton quickened her pace to a jog as she hit the edge of the forest.  The desire to escape the words in her head drove her paws.  Her hood flew back and her brain went silent as she broke into a sprint. She always wondered what would happen if she just kept running.  It was four miles to the other end of the forest, twelve miles through the lowlands, twenty four miles through the bayou to the next town, a hundred and twenty to the next major city.  The gators would probably get her without a boat, they’d been known to take a scrawny pit like herself with ease.  Yet that was not what stopped her from letting her paws just carry her away.  
The trees abruptly vanished and she stopped in a small clearing. What stopped her was her mother, there was no love shared between them.  As far as her mother was concerned Mirliton had stolen her husband from her and continued to unwillingly do so on a weekly basis.  Mirliton’s tears and cries for help did nothing to console her mother’s selfish mind.  She stopped because she knew her mother would be dead within a week left on her own.  Mirliton loved her mother despite her egregious faults and could not stand the thought of her left on that disgusting bathroom floor to die abandoned in her own mess.
Mirliton breathed deep of the forest viewing the environment through her nose.  The scent impressions came alive to the world dark to her eyes.  Each tree had its own signature scent while being part of the whole.  Crowds of ferns, ivy’s, and earthy moss congregated and spoke to one another in the whisper of the breeze. A half dozen animals had passed through the clearing in the last hour, small game, three opossum, two rabbits, and one lost dog.  She sniffed again narrowing her focus; the dog was still near.  A well of nervousness began to brew inside her.  She did not want to be stuck out in the middle of nowhere to be mauled by a feral dog, yet she did not want to go home.
Her own scent, old now, still lingered among the trees of the clearing.  Her paws moved out of habit to an old fallen Cyprus, from within its interior she pulled a thick blanket crocheted long ago by her great grandmother.  Mirliton had learned to crochet for the sole purpose of repairing the only remaining heirloom of the ancient blue pit.  She had met her great grandmother only once and had come away in awe. The old blue bitch had a commanding presence while her age flirted with triple digits.  When she barked even the Alpha males dropped their ears and tucked their tails.  
The second item she withdrew was a small wood box.  Her grandfather had given her the box on her tenth birthday intended to be used for jewelry.  With the blanket wrapped around her she sat against the Cyprus and ran her hands over the knots carved into the box. She had never owned jewelry, before she had run away the first time at twelve she had just kept things like a child treasures.  Old bottle caps from her birthday party, a cigar ring from her grandfather’s favorite brand of cigars, a picture of her parents on their wedding day, and a yellowing photo of her grandfather sat like materialized memories.  While it still held these things and more collected over the years, it now served a purpose outside that of keepsake.  She opened the cover and the skunky aroma hit her full in the face.  Four tightly wrapped joints lay among the memories in the bottom of the box.  An old flip top lighter, her grandfather’s from the war, lay with the embossed skull looking at her with fire dancing in its eyes. An inscription around the skull read, 
“You may take me but I will see you in hell.”
She had never understood the inscription and did not like to think about the connotations.  
Halfway through the joint with her head filled with swimming thoughts and her nose filled with cloying smoke she nearly leapt from her own fur when she opened her eyes to see the feral dog sitting on the other edge of the clearing.  Her heart beat like a panicked rabbit and her lungs burned from the last inhaled breath that refused to leave.
Like a shadow escaping the light the feral terrier was across the clearing teeth gnashing and eyes glinting.  The foaming jowls wrapped around her ankle as it sunk its teeth into her flesh.  She couldn’t breath, she couldn’t scream, she could only watch as it drug her into the clearing.
Mirliton jumped as the cherry end of the joint fell off and landed on her ankle. She doubled over in a fit of coughing as her burned lungs forced her to take a breath in a sad attempt at a yelp.  Through watering eyes she could still see the blurry form at the edge of the clearing.  Confused she wiped at her eyes trying to bring it into focus. The dog moved not in an aggressive manner but like that of someone that could not decide whether they should run or help.  With a breath of fresh air and a dry corner of her blanket Mirliton finally composed herself enough to really look at her guest.
If ever there was a mutt this dog was their king.  While obviously a pitbull in shape there were too many inconsistencies to call him anything other than what her uncle affectionately called a Heinz 57. 57 flavors of fun he always said. His ears were down and his tail was tapping her belly as he shifted from one foot to the other in a nervous dance.  Mirliton did not know what to do, she had never owned a dog.  Her mother was of a sect that believed that Feral’s were just a lesser evolution of Thrope and owning them would be tantamount to slavery.  Her father on the other hand, just plain hated animals in general.  She had seen him beat stray dogs within an inch of their lives just for being caught outside the front of their trailer. 
Mirliton called to it softly but found her voice little more than a hiss uttered from a burned throat.  With a shuddering breath she tried again only to begin coughing.  The sudden sound sent the dog back into the darkness with little more than a rustle of foliage.  She sniffed the air for a while trying to catch his trail from where she sat but the breeze was not in her favor.  Mirliton sat back against the Cyprus and pulled the blanket over her lap.  The chill night air had returned and now she wished she had something warm to hold.  


“Mirl wait up!” Baguette’s chubby arm popped up in the herd of students leaving their classes.  
Mirliton stepped out of the hall and waited for the short corgi to catch up.  The plump cream colored canine pushed her way roughly through the students regardless of their size kicking out at shins in her way.  There was a smattering of shouts lost in the dull roar as she burst from the mass.  Baguette adjusted her thick square glasses and hefted the stack of books in her arm.  While they were both dressed in the school uniform Baguette always seemed to wear hers better.  Mirliton always blamed her height and svelte build for the way her clothes fell loosely about her.  In reality though it was probably because her mother had been halfway through a bottle when she filled out the order form with no idea of her daughter’s size.  Mirliton jumped as Baguette slapped her across the tail.
“Hey block head you listening?”
“I’m sorry-“
“We’ve got rehearsals after school.  Ms. G. gonna get her feathers all in a bunch if you miss it again.”
“I know I-“
“First chair flute just flitting off, where did you go?  You left nothing but a scent trail, there’s rumors that you’re seeing Quiche.”
Mirliton pulled a face knowing it was a joke intended to break down the walls she’d erected. She could tell Baguette that she had left because she didn’t have her flute.  She also could tell her that she didn’t have her flute because her mother had sold it for liquor money.  But she couldn’t tell Baguette of the fight that followed her mother’s confession and the subsequent offer made by her father to play a flute to get a flute. She had declined his offer and had lost a tooth.  Now the first chair flute was going to have to run away from school at the last bell for a second time to avoid questions.  She jumped again as Baguette’s hand stung her tail.
“What happened to your flute?”
Mirliton stared at her in horror as if she had been reading her mind.  The look on Mirliton’s face seemed to confirm something in Baguette’s expression.  “W-What do you mean?”
“I can count the days on one paw that you have left that instrument’s side. Three. No four, last year when Cider stole it as a prank, and the last three days.” Mirliton’s mouth bobbed without words.  Baguette was about to say something with the warning bell rung. “Castrated cat we’re going to be late.  Go!”


“Fish” Mirliton held up the flash card to the fennec seated across from her
“Fis” The Fennec slurred.
“Fi-“ Mirliton repeated the first half of the word slowly looking into the crooked eyes.  Around her two other teacher’s assistants held flash cards and slowly pronounced words to their special needs students. Twenty three hours of the day Mirliton could write off as unrewarding, most of her life was spent dreading the next minute, the following hour, days, weeks, months, even years.  The enormity of the cloud that darkened her life often drowned her emotions in shadows. Most days she had to force herself to go through the motions just to pretend to be alive.  Yet this single hour during her school week brought out the sun to break up the clouds for a moment. The crooked eyes tried to focus on her and the fennec smiled through crooked teeth drooling a bit in the process. Mirliton smiled back.
“Fish!” He blurted out with no regard to volume.
“Very good Berry! Fish.”
“Fish!”
“What is this letter?” 
“Gee!”
“Very good G.  What animal is pretending to be the G?”
“Fish!”
“That doesn't look like a fish to me, he’s green.”  Mirliton watched the crooked green eyes as they sought an answer in the card.  She had no power to fix anything in her own life but for this hour she could try to improve the lot of another’s. 
“Gege”
“Close, Gek, Oh.”
“Geg, ho.”
“Geko”
“Gegko”
“Very good Berry.”  Mirliton allowed a genuine smile to spread across her face.  Berry mimicked her showing every extra tooth in his little head and waving his oversized ears with glee.
“Fish!”


“Stop right there you sneaky bitch!”
Mirliton felt her hackles raise and the flight response trigger in her most primal mind but her paws stumbled to a stop. The determined paws approaching her stopped and Mirliton felt a hard slap across her tail.
“You don’t get to slink out of here like a beta with tail tucked between your legs without telling me what is going on.” Baguette scrunched up her muzzle in a mock snarl.
“I- I can’t Bags.” Mirliton could not make eye contact with her closest friend.  Her tongue searched for words inside her mouth but only found the gap in her teeth.
“Mirl. Mirl!” Baguette reached up and grabbed her chin.  Mirliton looked at the tawny Corgi and could not stop the tears.  There were no sobs, or wailing breakdown but the tears would not stop coursing down her face.  Baguette pulled her down into a hug and stroked her ears. “You don’t have to tell me but you do have to let me shoulder some of your burden.  Now stop your crying you big baby and take this.”  Baguette shoved a familiar black case into Mirliton’s arms. 
Mirliton wiped at her face with her hand but only succeeded in spreading the wetness about.  While it was not her flute, it was an instrument given from the heart. “Bags…”
“Stop, we are going to be late for recital.  I don’t want to have to listen to that self assured red feathered bottom heavy oversized parakeet tell me about the virtue of being early and warming up with scales… again.”
Mirliton pulled Bags in and kissed her ears, she should have known her friend would help in any way she could.  Why hadn’t she just asked Baguette for a loaner before? Why had she run from the last recital?  She had been sure everyone would know how she had lost her flute.  She was certain that everyone knew what her father did to her yet no one let on to the fact that they knew. 
No one knew, she knew that, the only person that knew was Baguette, she had known for a long time.  Bisque had tried to flirt his way into Baguette’s good graces, and when that didn’t work tried to force his way in.  Baguette was small but she was made of spring steel and granite. Despite her plump and portly appearance she could move like lightning when she wanted too, combined with her sturdy frame and low center of gravity when she said ‘no’ she meant it.  Mirliton had always wished she had the fighting spirit Baguette possessed.  Bisque had beaten it out of her before it had any chance to gain purchase.  She was a pitbull without an ounce of fight left in her.  Baguette on the other hand had left a reminder on the inside of Bisque’s thigh in a neat “U” shape of scars.  Bisque would have probably killed her if it were not for the fact she had twelve brothers who made up half the starting line for the soccer team. 
“You’ll be okay sweetie.” Baguette whispered into her ear before she bit it.
“Ow! Bitch.”
“Suck it up cunt, lets go.  I hope those fingers work, Alfredo and Picata cannot finger a note to find the climax between the two of them.”


Mirliton stood at the end of the gravel street looking down the row of trailers to her own.  Decaying vehicles filled the driveway and spilled into the adjacent lots meaning her father had company.  There was a good chance he would not try anything with his friends present but that would not save her from their verbal and  physical abuse.  She did not want to be teased, pinched and pulled at all night; there was no door on her room so sleeping was out of the question.  If she didn’t come home her father would definitely take it out on her the following day fueled by whatever hangover he was suffering.  Her stomach growled and her bladder burned.  Baguette’s house was clear across town, it was a four hour walk on a nice day.  Mist was beginning to roll in and the moon was shrouded behind heavy clouds.  She would go hungry tonight but that was nothing new.  With a turn she was headed for the edge of the forest.


The clearing was empty but her nose told her that even the usual critters that happened through had been absent.  Only one scent remained and it was growing more familiar to her.  While the Feral dog was not there his scent trail was no more than an hour old. A thrill and a pang of fear struck her at once.   She wanted to see him again, but the paranoia of a savage animal prevented her from making an effort to call him in.  Sound rolled as her stomach rumbled and bladder twitched derailing her train of thought.  With a hasty hop she tossed her backpack near the Cyprus and fumbled at her belt.  She had designated a specific tree farthest from the Cyprus to function as a bathroom for occasions such as this.  Mirliton made note as she leaned up against her toilet tree that the Feral had marked it earlier that day.  With a sigh and panties in hand she let go and closed her eyes listening to the trickle and patter.  Her stomach reminded her that it was empty as her bladder rejoiced of the same.  As she finished she frowned and sighed as she remembered that she had forgotten something to clean up with.  She shook a bit and then with resignation pulled up her things on the damp fur.  Another dignity lost to her with no one but to blame but herself.
Mirliton sat wrapped in her blanket staring down at the black case between her paws.  They had of course been late, and as predicted earned everyone a lecture in the importance of warming up with scales before class began.  Baguette had donned her best apologetic look with ears a quiver and eyes wide.  Mirliton smiled and closed her eyes.  The little Corgi’s face would leap to an expression of mock importance when Ms. G’s back was turned and then back to subservient in an instant.  Mirliton whispered “Thank you.” to the empty clearing in hopes Baguette would hear it on some level of existence.  She was not normally a class clown but she had known Mirliton needed to be cheered up. Baguette was the best of friends, too good a friend for Mirliton to have.  
Mirliton buried her muzzle in the blanket; she was the worst of friends.  Distant, emotionally unavailable, frightened, undependable, and selfish were just a few of her finer qualities.  She could never figure out why Baguette remained her friend.  They had known one another since they could walk but if Mirliton had been Baguette she would have dropped her long ago.  Mirliton could not even blame Baguette if she did, she would be justified on more than one principle. Yet, as terrible as Mirliton was to the little Corgi, Baguette never gave up on her. Baguette was the popular one, she had many friends around the school,  a string of boyfriends that still pinned for her, and was on track to be accepted into college on a pile of scholarships.  Mirliton on the other hand was all but invisible, had only one friend, never had a romantic connection with any one else boy or girl, and was on track to graduate near the bottom of the class.  However she did have a higher chance than most to win the musical scholarship.  Baguette had been encouraging her, which was a nice way of saying twisting her tail to apply for it.  Even Ms. G had confidence in her ability to win it.  Yet, Mirliton could only think of her mother lying there on the bathroom floor choking on her own vomit.
Mirliton jumped coming out of her spiraling slide into negative space at a snort from the edge of the clearing.  All thought vanished as she locked eyes with the big feral terrier mutt.  He was not pacing so much as he was doing his nervous dance.  Mirliton froze not out of fear; because she was by all accounts scared, but because she was more afraid of frightening him off again.  They watched one another for some time in silence neither making any sort of gesture of acceptance or rejection.  Mirliton’s thoughts slowly coalesced into something that once again resembled coherency.  She began to look at this from the Feral’s point of view.  He had surely smelled her in this clearing before their first meeting.  She had been coming here often and her scent was a part of the environment now.  He was obviously not a savage dog, however feral he was, and sought the company of a Thrope over that of the wild.   Like the small game that came and went if he had been of their ilk he would have smelled her there and left never to return.  Yet he stayed near-by waiting for her to return.  After their first meeting he could have just ran until his legs fell off from fear, but he had returned.  
Mirliton shifted slightly to sit up.  The feral terrier stopped his nervous dance and stood frozen waiting for her next gesture.  She could feel his tension in the air, he desperately wanted to come to her, yet more so he wanted to run.  He was afraid to allow himself the luxury of trust.  The clearing was dark but the moon cast its scattered rays to illuminate them in dim silver light.  She could see the scars, the missing ear, a tail broken many times.   She finally looked at him, she had seen him, but this was the first time she truly saw hat stood before her.  There were bite scars overlapping bite scars on his face and muzzle, there were missing patches of fur not from mange but where it had been ripped out long ago and never returned.  Muscles ripped under the tight marred hide.  Grey fur edged his muzzle and paws indicating he was older than his muscular form appeared.  Mirliton stared into his pale blue eyes and suddenly she knew what he was.
He was an escaped fighting dog, she was sure of it now.  His reaction to her, the fear he showed yet his unwillingness to run.  He needed a master, he longed to be commanded to be given an order to work, but he no longer wanted to feel the lash.  He had escaped the brutality of his former existence and wandered for a long time on his own.  Mirliton stared at him and felt his sorrow, it had taken him so long to trust again.  His master had betrayed him, put a dog’s natural loyalty into question.  She felt tears well up in her eyes.  For a dog to question its loyalty, would be her questioning her own existence.  
She took a shuddering breath and slowly raised a hand out of the blanket.
“Pleas-“ She began and he was gone.


“You smell.”  Baguette sniffed her with no consideration to her personal space. “Did you sleep outside?”  She pulled a confused face and then sniffed again lowering her voice, which was hard for her to do since her natural volume was set to stadium groupie. “Did you pee your-“
Mirliton swatted at the short dog but she was already out of arms reach and then back again.  “I have an independent study for first period, I was going to go take a shower then.”
“No you were going to tutor Foojoy and Lichee at first period.”  Baguette sniffed her again.
“I can’t go all day smelling like this.” Mirliton felt the flush burn her cheeks.
Baguette took her by the wrist and pulled her out of the hall around the end of the row of lockers beyond the traffic.  Mirliton stood and tried to make an effort to round off her panicked thoughts.  “The moment I leave this hall of odors they are going to know.   Lichee cannot keep her muzzle shut she will tell everyone I pissed myself.  The bell is going to ring any second, I can’t even go to the bathroom.  I-I”
Baguette rummaged in her bag and pulled out a small purple bottle, and a neon pink wad of fabric, before Mirliton could even move Baguette had thrust a hand up her skirt.  Before Mirliton could even register a protest in her mind her panties were around her ankles and Baguette was slapping at her paws.   Mirliton stepped out of her panties and into the hot pink pair Baguette had produced.   Baguette pulled them up and with two quick sprays of the potent perfume the bell rang for classes to start.  Baguette shoved the panties into her bag and pushed Mirliton back into the hall.
“Bags…”  She began still flushed from toenails to ear tips.
“Go you block head, I didn’t just waste two pulls of Oestrus #8 on you to see you show up late.”  Baguette melted into the mess of hurrying students. “And watch out for Foojoy, he’s going to think you smell especially fine today.”
Mirliton smiled wryly and turned, “Bitch.”
“Bitch.” Came back to her from somewhere down the hall.


“So did Foojoy try to get you to play his woodwind?” Baguette sat grinning from ear to ear beside Mirliton in the grass.
“He couldn’t find a note if it had been played for him.” Mirliton sighed and rested her head on her knees looking down the grassy hill at the school.  A menagerie of species sat on the hillside ate lunch and filled the air with chatter. 
“I thought you were supposed to be tutoring him, showing him proper fingering techniques.”  Baguette made a rude gesture with two fingers and then opened her bag.
“Do you think I have a chance to earn that scholarship?”
“Who else is going to win it?  You are ranked number one in four districts.  Too bad you missed that state meet up last year or you’d be ranked one in the state.”
The smell of salami and spicy brown mustard drifted out of Baguette’s bag and dug its tendrils into Mirliton’s stomach making it growl. “I don’t know. I-“ 
A sandwich wrapped in paper hit her in the side of the face and landed between her paws.  She looked up as Baguette pulled two more from her bag. “I took Pumpernickel’s lunch, and Rye’s lunch,  and Boule’s lunch.  They wouldn’t have eaten them anyways, I think they were all going out to that dive down the street.”
“That greasy place that sells only ham?” Mirliton unwrapped her sandwich and could not control the drool that fell out of her mouth.
“They have a mean ham and cheese that will give you the runs for two days.  It is almost worth it.”
Mirliton’s teeth sunk into the bread and meat and before she could even enjoy it she was licking the mustard off her fingers.  Her stomach growled again and before she could even turn a second sandwich landed between her paws.  She couldn’t look up from the white butcher paper.  She knew she would start crying if she caught Baguette’s eyes.  An old proverb rattled around in Mirliton’s mind, ‘When I was hungry he fed me, when I was naked he clothed me, when I was cold he offered me his home.’  Mirliton was sure if she asked Baguette if should could stay a night or two the answer would be yes.  Guilt welled up inside her.  She did not deserve all this kindness.
“It is a full ride you dope, you’d better try for it.  The state competition is coming up soon, you are on fire in the recitals, I don’t see how you could lose apart from not showing up.”
Mirliton nodded silently and unwrapped the sandwich.  Turkey and spinach threatened to leap from the bread to escape her jaws.  She chewed slowly savoring it and trying to unclench her sorrow filled throat.
“If you don’t go I will kidnap you and drag you there kicking and screaming.”
Mirliton laughed through a mouth full of turkey and risked a glance sideways.  Baguette was looking at her with liquid eyes a concerned look on her brows.  Mirliton felt the remainder of the wall crumble and her fears start to pour out.  She began to cry and as if Baguette had been waiting for it she slid close and wrapped an arm around the blue pitbull.
“I-I-I-I” Mirliton stammered trying to swallow her food with her mouth suddenly dry and her throat closed.  “I didn’t go home last night. I slept in the woods, I didn’t-“
“Shhhhh, Mirl its okay.  I’m here its okay.”  Baguette soothed stroking her ears.
“I can-can’t go home.”
“I know Mirl, I know.  Why didn’t you ask me sooner.  Do you know how long I’ve been waiting?  You need to come stay with me.  We have an extra guest room.” 
“I can’t, I-“
“You can, Ma’s already agreed, she’s the one that told me I had to wait for you to ask.  She said if I asked you would reject the idea.  I thought she was batty but she was right… bitch is always right…”
“You-you don’t understand.  My ma-“
“Your mother will be fine.”  Baguette pulled Mirliton’s chin around so they were facing each other. “We both know why she drinks.”  Baguette stared into Mirliton’s eyes with a knowing sharpness.
“He’ll take it out on her.”  Mirliton whimpered miserably.
“He’ll take it out on you if you go back.” Baguette gripped her chin roughly.  “Do you hear me?  You’ll come straight home with me.  You can call-“
“I need to go home, if I don’t show up he’ll call-“ Mirliton snuffled.
“Call who the cops?  They’d arrest his ass on sight.”  Baguette snorted.
“He’ll call his boys and tell them lies so they come looking for me.  They’ll take me back and then…”
“Fine then I’ll come with you.  No way he will touch you with me there, not after last time. “ Baguette snapped her teeth together.  
“I can’t-“
“You can’t what? Stop me, because that is the Dog’s honest truth.” Baguette let Mirliton’s chin go and rested her head on her arm.
“I don’t deserve you.”  Mirliton rested her head on Baguette’s.
“Damn right you don’t.” Baguette pulled Mirliton’s ear.  “You don’t deserve the vile attention paid to you either.”
“Bags…”  Mirliton whispered.
“If it is some confession of gratitude or love I already know.” Baguette smirked.
“Can I have your sandwich.” 
“Bitch.” Baguette snorted.
“Bitch.” Mirliton hugged the Corgi close.


“So Marsala told Pinapple that she wanted to go to the match with her boyfriend’s friend Chedder.”
“That little Alsatian with the happy tail?”  Mirliton frowned.
“You know how he got that right? Brussels was giving him a paw in the back seat over on Layer Cake road, you know by the dock.”
“Chedder is gay?  Then why?”
Baguette shook her head, “Bi. Sub bi, just likes to be yelled at.  Heard he has a knot like a Gordian..  Anyways, car door was open and his tail was hanging out when the wind caught it and-“  Baguette clapped her hands together.
“That will never heal right.”  Mirliton shook her head with a bemused smile.
“Not so long as he is given to wagging it.” Baguette huffed, “Marsala heard about his endowments and wanted to give them a run.”
“Pom bitch has never knotted.”
“Right.  But she’s had every finger on the soccer team do a little goal tending so she thinks she’s got something going for her.”
“Wait even your brothers?”
“Especially my brothers, they aren’t using fingers though.  I am pretty sure Boule and Briosch have double teamed her.  Pray to Dog that you are lucky you don’t have twelve brothers.  The amount of tails they pull is only less disgusting than the amount of tails they brag about.”
“I always thought Rye was kinda cute.”  Mirliton smirked sneaking a peak at Baguette who scrunched up her face.
“Maybe if you like Soccer and science fiction, he is a total nerd off the field.  He’s got a tiny puppy penis, you don’t want any of the baggage that comes out of that.”
“Bags!” Mirliton flushed embarrassed for her. 
“What?” Baguette pulled another face. “Don’t judge me you don’t know what it is like with twelve brothers. They are always in some state of undress messing with each other, and the boners. All the Dog damn boners.  You would think they were permanently erect.”
Mirliton was laughing now, she could just see it in her minds eye, a house full of naked Corgi boys running around with launched rockets and Baguette standing there just shaking her head with that same defeated look on her face. “Stop I can’t, I can’t breath.”
“They are always doing weird stuff with them too, always comparing them or rubbing their balls on someone else’s shit as a joke.  I mean you don’t even know what to touch over there anymore.”
“And this is where you want me to come stay.”
“Oh trust me, they all are suddenly little gentle angles when a girl shows up.” Baguette snorted.
“You’re not a girl?” Mirliton chuckled.
“I am their sister.  They used to taunt me and pull the same pranks on me that they do to each other but no more.”
“How’d you get them to stop?” Mirliton could not stop giggling. 
“Superglue.”
“What?” Mirliton let out a sharp yelping laugh.
“Anyone I caught messing around with my stuff or me got their hand super-glued to their balls when they fell asleep.”
Mirliton had to stop she was laughing so hard.  “Y-you, you didn’t.”
“Only took five sets of hands before everyone else decided messing with me wasn’t worth it.  Remember Freshman year when we lost the game against the Tiger paws?  Should have been an easy sweep right?” 
Mirliton nodded still laughing.
“Well five of the starting line had trouble kicking because of some missing fur and lessons learned.”
Mirliton was leaning on Baguette now out of breath. “We-we almost lost state because of you?”
“No because it took five idiots to learn a hard lesson.”
“Don’t mess with Bags.” Mirliton finally caught her breath.
Baguette snorted.
“What does your mother think of all the dog bones?” 
“I think she gets off on it.  She’s always teasing them or pretending to shame them or using some dumb excuse to point them out.  They get off on it too.”  Baguette took an awkward breath, “Since dad died we always thought Nann and mom had something going on.  When he left for college she seemed… off.”  There was a growl of disgust in Baguette’s voice. “Sorry I guess that is a little to…”
“No I get it.” Mirliton watched the trailer park come into view around the trees.
“I know, I’m sorry.” Baguette mumbled. 
“At least it was consensual.” Mirliton trailed off seeing her trailer down the road.
“Still does not make it right.” Baguette’s voice trailed off as well.  
“Did you call your brothers?” Mirliton stopped four trailers down outside the run down sky blue trailer of Mrs. Maple.  She was a crabby old bobcat who liked nothing more than to poke her nose where it did not belong.  Part of Mirliton was hoping she’d poke her nose out now and let her natural curiosity sniff around.  The tacky faux bay window remained dark indicating no life inside.  No flicker of a TV or dim illumination of the fake Tiffany lamp could be seen.
“They are still in practice, I left three of them messages.”  Baguette swallowed hard, “They’ve got the Suburban so they’ll be along once they get it.”
Mirliton nodded staring at the old green pickup in her drive way.  Her father was home early which meant he had a half day shift on the boat.  This guaranteed he was already drunk, Mirliton prayed he was already passed out.  As long as her mother was there and lucid she could leave the message with her.  There was a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach though, like she had eaten bad clams.  
“Lets go.” The sound barely made it off her tongue.
The rickety door squealed on its hinges as it swung shut behind them.  Mirliton’s prayers were not answered, her father stood before the stove in a ripped pair of boxers that only his tail kept aloft.  Something fatty burned in a pan as he swayed back and forth trying to drink from a bottle of wine while scraping a pan that would not remain still.  He looked up angrily at their intrusion into his dinner but the scowl flashed to a lecherous grin seeing them standing huddled together in the doorway.
“Fuck me sideways look who graced this rotten castle. The Princess herself and plump little handmaid. Where you been girl? Another day and you mama call the police.”  He snorted and scratched his tail causing his boxers to drop another inch.  He tried three times to turn off the stove, the first two attempts turned the burner on high, while the third attempt turned it to low but it failed to go out.  He swore and threw the pan in the sink. “There you go girl, burning my dinner.  I hope you brought vittles.  You worried you mother sick.  She lay into me with a bottle, broke it across my backside when you din’ come home.  You have some things to say?”
Mirliton opened her mouth to say something, anything really but no thought had prepared itself and no words rolled down her tongue.  She managed a hoarse gulp of air.  Bisque sniffed the air and turned to them licking his nose.
“She will be staying at my house for the next few days.”  Baguettes voice rang clear and steady in the tense silence.  She stepped around Mirliton and stood seemingly without fear before Bisque.  While Bisque may have been overweight, the fat merely covered muscles toned with years of heavy labor.  He was a pit bull through and through, genetically predisposed to build muscle mass with ease.  At six foot one inch he cut an imposing figure even swaying drunkenly on his feet with his soiled boxers almost around his knees. 
Bisque pointed the wine bottle at Baguette.  “I know you girl.  Gave me this love bite.”  He pulled down his boxers to show them the U shaped bite mark.  His limp sheath and relaxed balls swung between his legs as he wavered on his paws.  He did not bother to pull them back up and just let them fall. “How ‘bout you try again m’shari.  Use that mouth so shit don keep falling out of it. “
“Where is mama?”  Mirliton had not realized she had growled the question until she caught the glint in her father’s eye.  He sniffed the air again and licked his nose.  The red tip of his penis slid from its matted sheath.
“Went to sister’s.” Bisque sniffed the air again and licked his jowls. “Won’ be back for a few days.”  His penis slid further from its sheath in an effort to become erect which it seemed to be struggling to do. “Someone smell real nice tonight.  You bleed girl?”
Mirliton frowned at him and heard Baguette swear under her breath.  Baguette’s hand was cupped around a stout cylinder of pepper spray Mirliton knew she was itching to use.  Bisque sniffed again and again and with each intake of breath his sheath road back until it stopped, covering the bulbous knot at the red base.  
“We are going now.” Baguette growled sternly.
“Girl you smell like your mother when she was you age.  Hot ready for it, craving me inside her.”  He took a step closer swinging his bottle of wine up to his lips.  He absentmindedly stroked his penis with his free hand letting the little squirts of precum fall where they may. “You gonna call me daddy like she did?”
“Fuck this.” Baguette’s arm flashed up and before Mirliton could move Bisque was stumbling back howling in pain tearing at his face.  Baguette pushed her out the door but not before she saw Bisque recover and lunge for them.  
Bisque hit Baguette in a tackle that ended up being a hard push that sent her into Mirliton who crashed through the rotting railing of the steps.  She hit the ground hard feeling her breath vanish.  She was dimly aware of a struggle and shouts on the stoop.  There was a loud yelp from Bisque and then Mirliton saw him raise the wine bottle, his alcoholism had made the priorities clear, and bring it down on Baguette’s head.  His aim was sloppy and it glanced off her skull and shattered in the stoop.  Baguette went limp and Bisque reeled to his feet clutching a bleeding hand to his face.  Mirliton pushed herself onto faulty paws that would not move.  She tried to call out to Baguette but her voice was nothing but a garbled yelp.  She did not even see Bisque launch himself off the stoop at her until he slammed into her.  Mirliton blacked out.
The sounds of grunts and labored breathing came first into the darkness of her returning consciousness. Then came the shapes and colors that seemed to twist and invade her visual cortex.  Feeling began to return in flashes of pain.  First her lungs flared with every breath she took.  Her head felt as if the percussion section had pounded it and her shoulder was on fire.  Something was inside her, then it wasn’t and then it returned with discomfort repeating cycle with increasing rhythm. she began to remember what had happened, what was happening. Bisques face took shape before her twisted in a grimace of agony and swelling from the pepper spray.  Every breath she took burned from the residual spray soaked into his fur.  In his drunken state he had already forgotten about the pain.  He was already inside her, he had been inside her for she did not know how long.  Thrusting and growling, plunging and slobbering.  Her arms would not behave and she could do nothing to make them move to push him away, not that it would not have done much good.  He bit at her neck and licked her face like a savage animal tearing at her uniform.  Her only thought was that she would have nothing to wear to school tomorrow if he ripped it.  
He whimpered and shuddered before going stiff as a board.  She felt him pulsing and rocking inside her and the slow warmth of foreign fluid entering her system.  He slapped her hard which brought her out of her stupor and back to sharp reality.  Her hands spring to life and clawed at his face.  He made to slap her again but she sunk her teeth into his hand before it could connect.  He screamed and wrenched it free with another tooth.  He rammed his fist into her side and she doubled up as he staggered to his feet.  Mirliton looked up at him in the moonlight, bloody, face swollen and disfigured, his cock still red and standing tall.  He stared at her for a moment that seemed to last the night before taking an uncertain step bringing his other leg back to deal her a kick.
Baguette was suddenly there and caught his raised paw.  She wrenched it with enough force that there was an audible crack and he spun as if he had been struck by a car.  He hit the ground below the stoop with a wet slap.  What ever he had been drinking must have anesthetized his entire body like a stiff shot of morphine. He staggered back to his knees as Baguette hit him with the pepper spray again with little effect. With almost extraordinary strength he tore a plank free from the stoop and swung it at Baguette.  She ducked the first and second swing but the third caught her a glancing blow on the hip.  She staggered and was quick to recover but he had already launched himself at her.  He hit her knees and took her to the ground.  With a sloppy chop to the throat he robbed her of her breath. 
Mirliton was struggling to her own paws finding the ground pulling her back down with every effort she made to get off of it.  Bisque slapped Baguette twice hard and then began to tear at her skirt.  Mirliton found her paws and pushed herself in his direction landing on his back.  She sank her teeth into his shoulder and was rewarded with a yelp.  She felt the elbow in her ribs knock her loose but tried to hold on to him as Baguette found her breath.  The little Corgi kicked up at his erection with vicious accuracy, Mirliton was bucked off as Bisque leapt aside holding his groin.  She landed hard beside Baguette and could do little more than look up at the siding of the neighbor’s trailer.  She could hear Bisque swearing and Baguette trying to get to her paws.  Mirliton let her head fall to the side and she saw Bisque standing favoring his right leg, Baguette was just getting to her knees when Mirliton was blinded by a pair of lights.
When she opened her eyes again spots danced as a half dozen blurs of color seemed to materialize around the towering silhouetted form of her father.  She tried to warn them of the danger they were in.  Such beautiful colors should not be snuffed out by his darkness.  Baguette was screaming something but the blurs of color did not seem to hear her.  Her father caught one of them but fell as the other blurs converged on him like magnets to ferrous metal.  They seemed to stick to him and cover him from head to toe in a writhing mass of growling forms.
Mirliton pushed herself to her paws as the growling died and the blurred forms began to take shape.  Two broke off and rushed to her suddenly turning into Boule and Rye dressed in muddy uniforms now streaked with red and green.  They caught her by the arms.  They were saying something to her but she could not find meaning in their sounds.  Two other’s were talking to Baguette in hurried tones and sharp growls.  The final two held her father down as he thrashed about in a vain attempt to throw them.  
Bisques curses were the first words to form meaning in her head.  As loud as he was shouting not a single neighbor had exited their trailer to check on the commotion.  They all knew of Bisque and an eye peaking through blinds would show them that karma had finally caught up with him.  Police would only complicate the matter as far as this neighborhood was concerned.  Best let problems lie where they fell.
“You can’t Brio.” Baguette hissed.
“Look at her Baggy, look at you.” Briosch growled not at her but out of sheer primal emotion.  “We’re taking him, you don’t have to worry-“ 
“Worry? This isn’t your call Brio, he deserves to be punished.” Baguette barked.
“Punished by who? The police, you saw what they did to dad’s murderer.  Two years and out for a man’s life Baggy! Two years for dad.  What do you think this piece of shit will get?”
“We all saw him, we are the proof.”  Baguette whimpered.
“Do you think she will testify against her own father?  Look at her, she can barely stand.”  Briosch growled pointing at Mirliton. 
“Mirl-“
There was a yelp and Bruschetta tumbled off of Bisque followed by Pumpernickel.  Bisque was on his paws and past them in a limping sprint.  There was not even time to register a protest before Boule and Briosch went after him.  Baguette held up her hand as if to call them back but she did not utter a sound.


        Rye helped Mirliton down the embankment to the dry riverbed below.  Boule and Briosch stood over a twisted form on the riverbed.  Baguette rushed up beside them and looked down at the body.  She did not gasp but simply looked back at Mirliton with pain in her eyes as she and Rye slowly approached.  Mirliton already knew what she would find.  She had been prepared to find her mother face down inside their home for years and she was someone Mirliton cared about.  Her father… 
        “What did you do?” Yipped Baguette who slapped at Boule.
        “Nothing, we chased him and lost him in the woods.  We were coming back when we picked up his trail again.  He doubled back, but must have gotten lost or something.”
        “Baggy we just found him like this.  We never-“  Briosch began.
        “What was all that talk back at the house than, dick waving?”  Baguette barked.
        “Baggy we just found your friend raped and beaten and you in the process of becoming the second victim, our blood was up.  You had already talked us out of it when he took off.”  Boule touched her arm and she threw him off.
        “Well what the fuck do we do now?”
        They looked down at the body lying chest down and the face looking back up at them.  His eyes were swollen and blood ran from his nose and snarling mouth.   Mirliton shuddered and could almost feel his heart fluttering back to life.  She told herself that she was just imagining it.
        “Too bad he didn’t fall into the swamp.” Rye said breaking the silence.  They all turned to him with blank stares.  “You know, so the gators would eat him.”
        “You are such a dumbass sometimes I just want to punch you.”  Briosch shook his head. “For once though you might have stepped up to smart ass.”
        “We’ll have to carry him back.”  Boule sighed..
        “Rye call Nickel and tell him to get as close to the bush as he can with the Beast.”  Briosch gestured to Boule to get Bisque’s paws.
“Dog he stinks, cant have begun to rot already.”  Boule muttered.
“Naw just a dirty fucker.” Boule griped his shoulders and lifted. “Fat fucker too.” He groaned.
“Boule shut the fuck up and show some Dog damn decency.” Baguette barked.
“Sorry Baggy.” He said apologetically.
“Yeah Nickel, yeah, yeah, no, pull the Beast back to the trees close as you can with your sniffer.  No, yeah fell into a ditch.  Naw he can see behind him real good though. Yeah, dunno burgers I guess. Naw, naw. Cheese.”
“Rye are you ordering food?” Baguette asked exasperated.
“Naw. No Baggy, Brush is putting in an order to The Pound, you want anything?”
Baguette pushed Rye away from Mirliton and took her arm.  Mirliton was just listening to the world around her, she had no real thoughts coming or going just satisfied that she existed. 
“The Pound! Get me a double order of eight with a side of chili fries and a shake.” Boule grunted hefting Bisque up the embankment.
“Yeah you hear that, yeah, double eight. Shake. Brio?”
“Dog help me Rye what the fuck do I always get.  I’ve never ordered anything off that greasy shit stain of a menu.”  Briosch pulled the body over the lip and stumbled backwards swearing.
“Yeah you heard him, I know, yeah, yeah, right pull my tail and call me bitch.”
“Gonna put my paw up your ass if you don’t hang up and help the fuck out.” Briosch growled.
“Fuckin aye Nickel. Yeah we’re headed back.  No we left him in the fucking ditch, why the fuck do you think we told you bring the Beast back? I’m hanging up now. Wait, yeah, no you better get something for Baggy and Mirl.  Yeah I guess. Shakes.  Yeah. Good on ya Nickel that’s using the ole peanut.  Outs.”
“I don’t want anything.” Baguette said.
Rye shrugged. “Sure one of the boys’ll eat it if you don’t.  You okay?”
“Just help with the body Rye.” Baguette replied shaking her head.


Rainbow Bridge from the Torn Pads played over the radio as the suburban bumped down the dirt road.  The smell of greasy fries and charred meat filled the enclosed space with the heady musk of sweat and the reek of the body under the tarp in the rear.  
Over the way
We hear them call
Come to us you lost
Over the way


Life has been lived
You’ve had your say
Suffered the pleasure
Worshipped the pain


Come what may
Death is the entrance
To the green grass sky
Over the way


“I cannot believe you went through the Dog damned drive through with- in the-.” Baguette growled.
“It was a pickup, ‘swas already paid for.” Pumpernickel whined.
“’Sides it was Bulgogi in the window, he’s always too stoned to remember anything other than the last order.” Rye chewed out every word.
“Show up ‘round midnight and act surprised when you get your order and you can usually fool him into an extra burger or two.” Bruschetta snorted.
“I can’t even…” Baguette made a grasping motion with her hand and then closed her eyes and took a deep breath.  She turned to Mirliton who stared blankly at the headrest before her. “Mirl?”  Baguette stroked her arm lightly. “Mirl? You okay?”
Mirliton blinked slowly and turned to Baguette.  “Hmm?”
“Mirl baby are you okay you, you don’t seem right.” Baguette cooed.
“I’m… I’m thirsty.” Mirl whispered hoarsely.
“I got ya Mirl.” Rye fished around in the center console and handed back a tall cup coated with condensation. “It's a shake, bit slushy now but still pretty… good.” Rye looked from Mirliton’s vacant stare to Baguette with a concerned look.  
Baguette’s scowl that had been directed at him softened as she saw the worry cross his features.  Baguette took the cup and tried to set it in Mirliton’s hand but her fingers would not grip it.  Baguette felt a pang of anxiety stab at her heart.  She unbuckled her seatbelt and slid over next to Mirliton and wrapped an arm around her.  Mirliton’s head slowly drifted down until it rested on the top of Baguette’s. 
“I’m sorry.” Mirliton whimpered.
“Y-you’re sorry?” Baguette stammered.
“Its all my fault.  I can’t defend myself, I can’t defend my friends.” Mirliton’s voice began to waver. “I am so weak I cannot even find the strength to turn in my… father.”
“None of this is your fault, you are the victim.  You’ve always been the victim.” Baguette soothed..
“If I had kept my mouth shut you would have never been with me.” Mirliton sniffed back tears. “Why are you my friend? Everything I have ever done has brought you down.”
“Mirl!”
“If it had just been me-“
“You would be dead.” Briosch growled from the driver’s seat.
There was a cold silence in the suburban as they bumped down the road and listened to the shifting of the tarpaulin in the rear.  The “shuf shuf shuf” of the fabric made it seem as if a hoarse laugh was coming from the back.  The music droned on but the words were lost on ears that no longer tried to find meaning in sound.   The taillights of Bisque’s pickup in front of them glowed bright red as Boule slowed for a sharp corner.  The road suddenly became much rougher and the suburban’s pace slowed considerably.
Baguette watched the rusty green pickup picking its way along the forgotten road carefully in front of them.  To either side of them the road dropped sharply into reeds and cattails followed by the all-consuming blackness of the bayou.  The moon had run and hidden behind wispy clouds as if even it did not want to bear witness to the deed they planned to commit. They had taken Bisque’s truck and driven and waited for the suburban at the mouth of the back roads.  Their intention was to drive it into the water and throw the body in after it.  If it was ever found everyone would just assume he had gotten drunk and then gotten himself lost on some inconceivable drunken drive. Baguette had been opposed to the idea but had warmed up to it once she began to calm down.  Her brain was sprinting in a dozen different directions, none of which was conducive to committing a crime let alone getting away with it. 
Baguette stroked Mirliton’s hand listening to her soft sobs.  Baguette undid Mirliton’s seat belt, slid back over and patted her lap. Mirliton almost fell into her lap with a sigh, Baguette could not tell if it had been a sigh of relief or one of surrender.  She stroked Mirliton’s ears as the pitbull cried into her lap with shuddering shoulders.  Rye’s eyes would light up the rearview mirror every now and then with concern.  Baguette was surprised at his reaction, normally he was carefree joker that seemed more obsessed with kicking a ball or sorting out the Federation of Planets than he was about the opposite sex. She could not be sure if it was the situation or if Mirliton had read something into him suffering a small crush.
Bisque seemed to flash before her mind unwelcomed but hungry.  Baguette shuddered catching a whiff of his stench from the cargo behind the seat feeling him pressed up against her.  The welt across the side of her face from the bottle had begun to throb with building pain.  Her adrenalin and shock wore off some time before they had even hit the dirt road and the six tablets of Acetaminophen she had taken were doing little to help.  She could not imagine what Mirliton was feeling in terms of physical pain, they had convinced her to take the same but she had taken a beating far worse than Baguette.  
The Suburban shuddered to a stop close behind the beat up truck.  Without a word the four boys opened the doors and spilled out moving to the back of the vehicle.  Baguette did not move, she was not even sure her legs had the energy to stand let alone help.  Rye tapped on the window as he passed and gave her an apologetic look.  The back doors swung open and Baguette watched them through the review mirror unable to bring herself to turn around.  The rustling of the tarpaulin and the grunts of her brother’s were the only words that the bastard would get.  She had made it clear that no words from the Codex were to be spoken over him and no blessing from Dog the almighty.   Bisque was to be nothing more than protein to feed the primordial denizens of the bayou. 
She watched them pass the window on the far side of the suburban in darkness illuminated briefly by the headlights.  Bisque was no more than a blue outline before they disappeared back into darkness.  She waited for a splash or some indication that they had thrown him in.  She was left with the radio playing almost inaudibly and Mirliton’s whimpering from her lap.  These did little to quiet the screaming voices in her head.
“What have We done Bags?” Baguette’s Conscience screamed at her.
“We did the only thing We could!” Baguette’s Guilt yelled back.
“We were doomed from the beginning.” Baguette’s Doubt moaned.
“We won’t get away with this.  They will catch Us.  We’ve seen Hound and Jackie.  He can track a criminal through water with that nose.  That’s not even taking into account Dr. Jackie’s DNA analysis.” Conscience whined.
“Those shows are fake.” Doubt scoffed. 
“They are based off reality!” Brain growled.
“We should dump Mirl in the wet too.” Her ID chimed in.
“We disgust us! How can We even suggest such a thing.  Mirl is our friend.  It is out of the question!” Conscience barked.
“The more witnesses to a crime the higher chance We will be caught.” Doubt yelped.
“We need to take care of her, she is in a sad state, We have no idea how much damage she has suffered.  He was in her for-“ Brain began.
“He came inside her! She’s been dripping it all over the seat since We left.  We need to get her flushed immediately!” Panic stepped in.
“We have Plan B at home she will be fine as far as a pregnancy is concerned but she took a few bad kicks and may be injured internally.” Brain tried to calm everyone down.
“She will die of internal hemorrhaging!” Doubt yelped.
“We are responsible for all of this, how could We let her go back to that piece of shit.  We knew what he has done to her and We knew what he was going to do!” Conscience screamed. “That is why We had the pepper spray ready.  That is why We were ready for a fight.  We did this too her.  We deserve a knot ripped from our cunt for allowing her to walk into that situation. We-“
Baguette jumped from a knock on the window, her heart hammered in her chest and fingers gripped the armrest until one of her claws had snapped.  She took a few deep breaths and forced her head to turn still trying to get the echoes of accusation out of her ears.  Rye stood outside and made a motion for her to roll the window down.  Baguette fumbled with the button but finally managed to roll it down half way until it hit the child stops.  Annoyance crossed her thoughts of why they even had this feature still on.  None of them were children, she wanted the window rolled all the way down.
Rye was about to speak when the green pickup’s engine roared and suddenly lurched forward.  They watched it careen down the short road and then tumble down the embankment and into the water.  The Suburban’s headlights shown the upside down truck as it sunk slowly in the bog.  It came to a rest with only four strips of rubber showing over the water’s surface.
“We’re done Baggy.”  Rye’s voice was tired and drained.
“is everyone okay?”  She asked hearing the same fatigue in her own voice. 
Rye nodded.  Boule stepped up beside him and stood on his toes to look over the half window.  He motioned to Briosch and they walked around the back and climbed in through the rear.  Pumpernickel and Bruschetta were standing in front of the suburban lighting cigarettes.  Baguette had a sudden craving, a craving that she had successfully ignored for over six months.  Her mother had caught her with a pack of cigarettes and nearly pulled the piercings out of Baguette’s ear.  The first few weeks were awful, the following month miserable and the month after that tolerable.  She had done so well for so long but now leaned out the window.
“Nickel. Nickel!” She barked through clenched teeth so not to upset Mirliton.  Pumpernickel turned and raised an eyebrow. She motioned for a cigarette and he nodded taking out his pack.


“Mirl are you sure you are okay?  We should really go to the hospital.” Baguette stood with her in the bathroom as she shed the remainder of her uniform..
“We can’t…” Mirliton winced as she slowly pulled the once white button up shirt off.  It hit the tile with a wet slap buttonless and soiled without a trace of white.
“We can tell them that he… and then drove off, it fits with-“ Baguette caught Mirliton’s elbow as she stumbled over her skirt.
“I don’t have insurance.” Mirliton mumbled.
“Mirl.” Baguette took both of her hands and looked up into her eyes.  “We can pay-“
“No!” Mirliton barked and then looked away mortified. “I’m so sorry.  I didn’t mean-“
“Shhh, Mirl I am sorry, I am just worried about you.  You are my sister even if we came from different bitches.  I can’t not worry about you. Look at me.”  Baguette waited until they made eye contact again. “You are family, I love you.”
Mirliton smiled and sniffed back tears bringing a smile to Baguette’s face.  They hugged for a long time finally parting ways with a sigh that cut the tension in the room like the sun through the dawn mist. Baguette stood back and looked Mirliton up and down.  She was a mess of matted fur and swollen bruises, most of it was cosmetic damage save for her face which would take a while to heal.  Dark blood had congealed covering her jaw and running across the side of her face and down her neck.  The shy smiles revealed a significant gap in teeth on her left upper side.   Baguette felt rage flare up and then vanish as it had no fuel left in which to burn.  Mirliton stood in nothing more than the soiled neon pink panties Baguette had given her earlier. She picked at them seemingly unsure what to do.
“I’m sorry about your panties.  They were very nice.” Mirliton forced a chuckle through the painful whimper.
“Shush, we’ll burn them, I’ve got dozens.”  Baguette waved a hand. “I’ll go so-“
“No.” Mirliton took a step towards her and held out a hand. “Please I mean. Can you stay.”
Baguette felt her heart drop at the frightened and embarrassed look that filled the tall pitbull’s face. “Of course lets get some tunes playing and draw you a bath.  What are we listening to?”  Baguette shifted her voice to one of familiarity and cheer.
“I-I don’t know.” Mirliton chuckled.
“Brindle Bitches it is then.” Baguette fiddled with her phone for a moment after which Tail Lights by the Brindle Bitches began playing.  The high wails and fast tempo of the all girls pop group filled the small room.
Away Away Away
Red glow here we go
Away Away Away
Dust highs on the low


We’re the bitches
No more alphas
You’re all betas
We’ve the riches


Drive the night
Keep your paw down
We’re the fight
No collars no leashes


Away Away Away
Red flow here we are
Away Away Away
Freedoms mine yours ours


Baguette lay with her arm wrapped around Mirliton listening to the click click click of the ceiling fan above them.  Mirliton had fallen asleep but Baguette’s mind would not take a break.  All she could think about was seeing Bisque on top of her, in her.  
“We should have done more.” Guilt sneered.
“We should have brought the taser.” Conscience whined.
“We should have brought the gun.” ID laughed.
“We should have a cigarette.” Addiction felt her up.
“We should kill ourselves for letting this happen to her.” Guilt growled.
“The gun is in the safe, the code is-“ ID began.
“We should make sure Mirliton is okay.” Empathy whispered.
“We should really have a cigarette.” Addiction pulled at her stumpy tail.
“What about the witnesses?” Paranoia chipped in.
“We make a good point, what about the witnesses?  Someone is bound to come asking.” Guilt agreed. “Maybe they even saw Bisque shove his penis inside Us.”
“He did not, we prevented him from-!” Embarrassment yelped.
“The cigarette’s are hidden in Our stuffed camel.  Not very creative but they are right over there, We wouldn’t even need to leave the room.”  Addiction slid its influence into her toes.
“We know he soaked our panties with his-“  Guilt nodded.
“He never made it past our panties!” Confidence stormed in.
“But We wanted him to force Us, to hurt Us.” ID sneered.
“We were turned on thinking about it on Our way there, so why not let him in?” Guilt agreed.
“There is a lighter next to Our candles, We know the rest of Us will run screaming with the first puff.  We can sleep.  We can relax.”  Addiction licked her ear.
“Smell her.” Desire whispered.
“Kill Ourself this is Our fault.” Guilt huffed.
Baguette slipped her arm from around Mirliton and paused as she whimpered.  She kissed the back of Mirliton’s head and rolled quietly out of bed.  High in the corner of the room was a massive cargo net filled with the stuffed animals she had collected in her youth.  Quietly pulling over a chair she placed it on top of her cedar chest and climbed up to the net.  It took only moments for her to find the orange camel with big yellow button eyes.  She could already feel the rectangular package inside.  She did not even hesitate as the echoes inside her head increased in clamor.  
She was seated on the windowsill drawing in a deep burning breath when she looked across the side of the house.  Rye sat with Pumpernickel in their window doing the same.  They quietly waved and gave her a weak smile.  Pumpernickel held up a silver flask and shook it.  Baguette smiled at her brothers feeling the tears well up in her eyes.  They could be a dozen different pains in her rear but they loved her more than anything else in the world.  She nodded and Pumpernickel disappeared moments later there was a soft creek of floorboards outside her door.  She set her cigarette on the sill and hurried quietly over.  
Pumpernickel held out the flask to her and she grasped it but he did not let go right away.  She cocked her head.
“Are you alright? We’re all worried about you and Mirl.” He let go of the flask.
She nodded. “Just…”
He nodded and took her face in his hands and kissed her between the ears. “We’re right here if you need us.”
She mouthed “Thank you.” And slipped back inside.


“Run this by me again children…” Baguette’s mother, Flour, tapped her paw with an incredulous look on her face.  The eight of them sat around the long dining table attempting to look anything other than guilty.
“We knew he was not going to be happy about Mirliton coming to stay here so I called Boule and told him to meet us there after practice.”  Baguette had rehearsed the story a few times before her mother had come down for breakfast. “He was drunk and when we told him he got violent.  He hit Mirl and was hitting me when Boule and the boys showed up.”
“We pulled him off of them but he was still fighting.”  Boule shrugged apologetically. “He got in a few cheap shots and we… lost it and beat his ass.”
“Language.” Flour growled.
“Beat his tail.  He took off in his truck saying something about his friends.  We thought it’d be better to get out of there than just wait around.”
“We went for burgers at The Pound-“ Rye began.
Flour shook her head angrily. “I don’t believe it.” 
Baguette felt her stomach tighten with anxiety.
“I thought I told you to stop eating there.  They have a B on their health rating and Couscous says that it is actually a C but Hammy paid off the health inspector for a upgrade in rating.  I don’t want you eating there again, Dog knows what you are ingesting.”  Flour fidgeted angrily. 
Baguette could see her attention starting to slip away from the story at hand and hoped it would fall completely. 
“I heard he did a little more than pay.” Pumpernickel made a rude gesture with his hand and mouth.
“Pumpernickel!  Have you no manners boy, I ought to spank your tail.” Flour shook her head her fur glowing from the blush underneath. “Mirliton you are more than welcome to stay with us as long as you like.  We have an extra room, I don’t expect you to go to school today so there should be some time to sort it out and make yourself comfortable. You six get going or you’re going to be late.  Baggy you can take half a day and collect Mirliton’s homework.”
“Ma.  We aren’t in middle school anymore. “ Baguette rolled her eyes.
“Well some of you certainly act as if you were held back a few years.” Flour shot a withering look at Pumpernickel and Rye who were giggling about something whispered between them.  “You two shape up and stop acting the fool around this girl.  Show some decorum and-“
“Act our age?” Rye grinned wolfishly.
“Stop being grade school boys and start being a man a girl would want to look at for more than thirty seconds.” Flour sneered.
There was a chorus of “Ohhhs” from around the table followed by a smattering of chuckles as Flour walked away.  Baguette turned to Mirliton who smiled weakly showing the large gap in her teeth on the left side of her swollen muzzle. 
“I’m not going to classes, we’ll sit around here all day and just…”  Baguette waved a hand and twitched an ear.  “I’ve got to go dig up my extra pair of glasses, I seemed to have misplaced my other ones.  Do you need anything?”
Mirliton shook her head. “No.  Thank you Bags.”
“You know where everything is, help yourself.  See something you want in the fridge eat it before the testosterone puppies come home.”  Baguette smiled and left.


Mirliton sat in the kitchen at the breakfast bar eating a bowl of cereal.  Frosted paw prints of many different species floated among the bits of oat kibble. Every bite was a reminder of the pain in her jaw and the ragged hole her tooth had once occupied.  Flour had already arranged a dentist appointment even as Mirliton protested.  Her thoughts congealed into lumpy masses that seemed to sour into memories of the night before.  
Bisque stood licking his nose in the kitchen watching her take small bites of her cereal.  She couldn’t look up at him, she knew if she looked up he would leap upon her again.  She ignored him and the irregular beating of his heart. 
They had dumped his body in the wetlands, it was more than likely gone by now.  Some alligator or maybe even a few would be set for the next few days.  They would probably get a fair buzz from the sheer amount of alcohol contained within the old bastard’s system.  Mirliton lifted the bowl to her lips and drank the remaining milk in two long gulps.  She rinsed the dish and set it in the drying rack before heading for the stairs.  
The room she was given was a guest room sparsely furnished with a fresh set of folded sheets and pillows piled in the center of the bed.  She could feel Bisque watching her from the door, she resisted the urge to turn around telling herself that he had died in that river bed.  Yet something deep in the back of her mind said she had heard his heartbeat out there.  She could hear his heartbeat now as she tucked the sheets in and fluffed the pillow.  
There was a soft knock on the open door frame and when she turned she found Baguette standing there in a pair of wire rimmed glasses holding a pair of soda’s and a orange prescription bottle. 
“Ma had a bit of the good stuff left tucked in the back of her drawer next to her… toys.” Baguette pulled a face and closed the door.  
Mirliton felt Bisque vanish from her mind as she sat on the edge of the bed with Baguette and opened her Rhino Cola. Baguette opened the bottle of pills and dumped four into her hand.  She popped two into her mouth and handed the other two to Mirliton.  Mirliton did not hesitate anxious to get rid of the numerous stabs, throbs, and burning spots around her body.  They washed them down and Baguette pulled out a small purple pill from her pocket and placed it in Mirliton’s hand. 
“This too, for…”  Baguette trailed off.
Mirliton felt Bisque breathing over her shoulder, could feel his hardness press against her back.  Her stomach squirmed and writhed as if there were already something inside pressing against it.  She hurriedly took the pill and swallowed it dry.  Her hands shook as she brought the soda to her mouth as the full realization of what had been done to her finally landed.  The warmth that she had felt spilling inside her were the millions of tiny sperms searching, digging, hunting around her cervix. Baguette rubbed her back chasing the feeling of Bisque away again. Baguette wrapped an arm around her and hugged her close.
“You’ll be alright now.”
“How am I going to tell my mother?”  Mirliton sipped her soda.
“What part does she not already know?”
“I…” Mirliton considered this for a moment.  As far as her mother was concerned, short of telling her of the death, this would just have been an escalation of what she already knew.  The real question would be would her mother care. “She will probably be glad he is gone until his paychecks stop rolling in.”
“I didn’t know she had a sister.” 
“She doesn’t.  Its just what she calls her lover’s house.”  Mirliton shrugged.
“Your father turned her into a lesbian?” Baguette giggled.
“Who knows, I think she just swings in what ever direction the liquor flows.” Mirliton set the soda down on the night stand and laid back in bed. “We’re going to miss the practice recital today.”
“Ma already called in for us.  Ms. G was going to give her the business about you not being her daughter but Ma laid into her real good.  Total bitch at her best.  Even had her hackles raised.”  Baguette lay next to her giggling.  
“Your mother is one of a kind.  I love the way she waggles her ears when she is happy.”
“Oh my Dog, she is so embarrassing, she does this little dance too…”
“You mean the one you do when you are really excited.” Mirliton chuckled.
“You shut your face, I do not!” Baguette yelped.
“Your little prancing paws are so adorable I can barely contain myself.” Mirliton made little dancing paws with her hands in the air.
“Bitch.” Baguette slapped at her hands.
“Bitch.”
Mirliton turned to face her and wrapped her arms around Baguette who turned to meet her.
“Hey.” Baguette smiled.
“Hey.” Mirliton couldn’t help a smile through numbed lips.
“I love you.” Baguette stroked her ears.
“I love you too.” Mirliton rubbed her nose with Baguette’s.
“What do you want to do today?” Baguette pulled at Mirliton’s ear playfully.
“Do you want to go see my dog?” Mirliton felt her body flush with excitement for the first time since the previous day at lunch.
“You have a dog?” Baguette matched her level of excitement.
“Well I’ve been spending some time in my clearing to get away from…” Mirliton pulled at Baguette’s ears in turn.
“I love your hideaway. Oh hey you still have some…” Baguette raised her eyebrows a few times questioningly.
Mirliton tweaked her ear eliciting a mock yelp from Baguette. “Yes, now focus.”
“Right the dog.”
“Yes the dog.  He’s been hanging around the clearing and I have been trying to lure him in.”  Mirliton walked her fingers down Baguette’s muzzle.
“A feral?”
“Feral mutt.  He has a pit frame but there are all kinds of parts glued on.”  Mirliton tapped Baguette’s nose. 
“How do you know he’s not dangerous?”
“I… I feel like I know him. He used to be a fighter, a good one, but his master was cruel.  His loyalty was questioned and betrayed.  He escaped with his world crumbling around him and began his life in the wild.”
“Does this dashing warrior have a name?”  Baguette tapped Mirliton’s nose.
“I haven’t decided yet, I wanted to get to know him a bit more before I asked him.”
“You’re in love you fool.” Baguette said in a Shiba’s accent mimicking the scene from the classic Trains and Tails. 
“Love such a fleeting whisper, let me howl it to the moon, let it wake the stars to let the universe know of my love for you.” Mirliton drawled in a St. Bernard’s heavy tones. 
“Stop your tongue from wagging and kiss me.” Baguette cried.
Mirliton’s tongue licked Baguette nose to ear in a slobbery kiss.  Baguette burst into laughter with Mirliton.


The skunky trails of smoke hung in the sun lit clearing like fine silk. Baguette blew tiny smoke rings out into the beams of light cascading through the leaves above.  Mirliton fingered a faded photo of her father and mother on their wedding day.  Her mind walked among the clouds and seemed to pull her into the photo.  They looked thin, healthy and sober as if neither had touched a vice in their life.  The smiles spread across their faces were of genuine love and affection.  It was not until she came along that their lives fell apart.  
Bisque was among the trees, she could feel him out there.  He hung just out of her peripheral vision whispering to her. Mirliton put the picture back in the box feeling like it was the reason he was there.  She took out her grandfather’s lighter and read the inscription again feeling her heart sink.
“You may take me but I will see you in hell.” 
She could hear Bisque whispering it in her ear as if his tongue slid into her ear.
“There he is.” Baguette whispered.
Mirliton’s heart stopped, she forced herself to look up knowing she would see that twisted face.  The towering blue pit with his head on backwards reeking of the bayou and stroking an erection would leer at her.  Her eyes lifted but found a familiar form pacing nervously at the edge of the clearing. Baguette had not moved a joint half way to her mouth slowly going out.
Mirliton searched below the blanket over their laps without breaking eye contact with the feral pit.  Her fingers found the plastic wrap and she smiled cautiously.  Slowly she brought out the plastic bag filled with chopped steak.  The feral pit stopped pacing and cocked his head as she brought out her other hand and opened the plastic bag.  Her nose picked up the smell of raw meat instantly and set her tongue to salivating.  There was no breeze to carry the smell so she reached in and picked out a small piece.
With the utmost care she tossed it across the clearing.  The meat landed well short of the feral pit but he got the message.  With caution he edged closer to the meat until it was within reach before snatching it up.  Baguette tittered softly as Mirliton tossed out a second and a third until he was a few meters away slowly wagging his tail.
“He’s cute.” Baguette whispered.
He cocked his head at her but continued to wag his tail.  
“Those features shouldn’t add up to handsome but they do.”  Mirliton tossed out a fourth and fifth until he was almost within arms reach.  
She smiled at him and he sat, his tail brushed dirt side to side as he wagged it.  Baguette giggled at him and made kissing sounds at him.  He smiled back and sneezed.
“What’s your name?” Mirliton whispered.
His ears perked up and sniffed at her still wagging his tail
“Do you know any tricks?” Baguette giggled.  He held up a paw and she clapped the tips of her fingers together excited.  “Lay down.”
Without missing a beat he went down tail still wagging.  Mirliton tossed him a piece of meat which he caught without moving from his down.
“Roll over.”  Mirliton said.
He rolled with precision and caught the meat still in his down position.  
“Good boy! Sit pretty.”  Baguette called out.
He rose on his haunches with paws in the air and caught the meat with a quick snap.  
“Good boy! Speak.” Mirliton giggled.
His bark was deep and golden, not something he would use to menace or signal but one comfort.
“What else do you know?  Play dead, bang.” Baguette made a shooting gesture with her finger.  For the first time his tail stopped wagging and his ears drooped as he lay down and whined.  “Oh no.  I’m sorry!”
Mirliton tossed a piece of meat to him but he did not take it. “Its okay boy.”
“Mirl I’m sorry. Puppy I’m sorry.  Come here.”  Baguette made the kissing sound and motioned to him.
Mirliton made the same sounds and gestures and after a moment he reluctantly got up and began wagging his tail again.  He crawled between them on the blanket and laid down with his head in Mirliton’s lap.  She stroked his head as Baguette scratched his butt.  
“You’re such a good boy, I’m sorry.” Baguette cooed to the whap of his tail.
“You also need a bath handsome, you’ve been out here a while.”  Mirliton scratched his ears liberally.
“Got a few fleas back here too.”  Baguette chuckled. “Who’s got a flea butt?”
“Hey you have a collar buried under all this scruff.”  Mirliton dug at the matted band under the stiff fur.
“Really? What is your name dashing warrior?”  Baguette squished a flea between her fingers and dug for more.
“Studded leather collar, medical tag last dated three years ago… and his name is Number thirty-six.”
“Thirty-six?”
Mirliton nodded, “Just a number a nameless combatant.”
“Oh, Pecan!” Baguette yipped.
“Pecan?” Mirliton raised an eyebrow.
“He’s got nuts.”  Baguette smirked and gestured down.  “Have you seen the pair on this boy?  Like a pair of pool balls.”
Mirliton felt herself blush and giggle. “You have issues Bags.”
“Mind you if one of the boys from school had these stashed away his pants would not be safe from me.”  Baguette squished another flea between her fingers.  
“Why don’t you give those a squeeze?” Mirliton giggled.
“Apart from the funk coming off him and the fleas… I don’t want him to bite me.  No man responds well to a surprise groping.”  Baguette squished another flea and continued to rummage for more.
Mirliton let him lick meat from her hand feeling his tongue wrap around her fingers to get at every last trace of juice.  “That's it boy you ate it all.”  She stroked his face running her fingers along a pair of scars running along his muzzle.  “Who were you Pecan?  Why did you wait for me?”


The vibrato wavered and Mirliton could no longer hold the note through her swollen lip.  The measure toppled and she sat back with a sigh.  The gaping holes in her upper jaw throbbed with renewed pain.
“No good, no good.  You hold longer, why sudden loss?” Ms. G squawked.
“I had an accident, I-I lost two teeth.” Mirliton said shyly as if she had been at fault for their loss.  She pulled her swollen lip back to show the gap to the parrot.
Ms. G whistled low.  They were the only two in the music room and for a moment the bright red parrot dropped her air of superiority. “Honey you okay?”
Mirliton shrugged. ”I am seeing a dentist after school.”
“Teeth no matter, lips, lips play notes. Once swelling goes notes return.”
She surprised Mirliton with a soft embrace.  Mirliton hand never touched feathers before, there were very few Avians in her life and fewer still that she was on speaking terms with.  She smelled like sandalwood and citrus which lingered as she pulled back.  She ran a feather over the swollen lip and clicked her tongue. 
“You be ready for competition.”  She tittered.  It was not a question, nor a statement, her demeanor had shifted back to the sharp beaked stickler for posture, it was a command. 
Mirliton nodded and worked her mouth to stretch her lip and lifted the flute once again.


The pick scraped at her teeth with quick sharp draws.  Mirliton tried not to stare into the bright light over her head illuminating her mouth but found the only other thing to look at was the Caracole in a mask.  His eyebrows scrunched in concentration and then raised in surprised, then shifted to confused.  He sat up and pulled down his mask.
“When was the last time you saw a dentist?”  His rolling drawl created a sentence full of pseudo punctuation.
Mirliton felt her skin catch fire from the blush and tried to look away but only found the light.  She tried to reply with some dignity but the clamps holding her mouth open deformed her words. “I… I’ve never seen one.”  She tried to look away.
“Its okay dear, your teeth are in relatively fair condition.  Other than a few cavities and the obvious missing canine and premolar they just need a good cleaning.”  He turned to the nurse and whispered something to her after which she nodded and left.  He turned back to Mirliton and smiled showing off a mouth full of sharp painfully white teeth. “We are going  to fashion a pair of implants for you in the new printer.  Wonders of technology.  We’re able to print your X-Rays, take our measurements, feed them into the printer and have a set of replacements for you before the sun goes down. In the mean time we’ll fill a few of these cavities and get you a crown for that rear molar.  Would you like a local anesthetic or the gas.  Some folks do not like pain of any sort and opt for the gas.  It is harmless really you just drift off and have a nice little dream and then.” He made a waking stretch gesture. “Wake up with the work done.  Which would you like child?”
“Gas.” She slurred.  It was not that she was afraid of the pain or wary of the operation, she just did not want to listen to that rolling drawl anymore.  It grated on her ears and his scent annoyed her.  It was a wonder the Great War of Canine and Feline had ever ended.  Even now she had an irrational need to dislike him on no other credentials other than his scent.  
He smiled at her and reached across her body to turn on the gas and place the mask over her muzzle. The nurse returned with a tray of tools and sealed packages.  The steady hiss of nitrous oxide drowned out the nurses voice and began to open up Mirliton’s consciousness. She watched the doctor turn back to her and say something that she could not really process.  He smiled at her and passed a finger in front of her face.  She watched the after image of the finger linger and then she was falling.  
Bisque caught her before she hit the ground.  Her giggle surprised her even as her anxiety spiked into the red.  The day was bright and the trees were in full bloom.  He looked different, younger, smiling with no redness in his eyes.  Mirliton hugged him and he hugged her back in an embrace only a father can give a daughter. She wanted to push away, to run from him before he got the chance to paw at her.  
Her mother hit her with an open palm cursing at her.  She could feel her father’s seed running down the inside of her leg.  Instead of comfort she found only scorn in her mother.  Her hand came down again.
Mirliton crashed through the railing of the stoop and hit the ground watching Baguette tumble through the door with Bisque. She did not struggle now, she moaned and cried out for more as he pushed into her snarling. He smiled wickedly at Mirliton and licked his lips.  Baguette cried for his knot but he denied her pulling out and standing over her writhing body.  
“Beg girl.  Beg me for it.”
She started awake staring into a blinding white light.  A black form moved into her vision and a muffled voice asked her something.  She tried to speak but there was something in her mouth.  She tried to lift her hands but found them weighed down by the high.  She looked up again to see Bisque kneeling over her with his knot in her mouth.  He laughed uproariously. 
“You good girl.”
Mirliton was shrouded in white light, there was a soft sound of waves crashing on a shore.  Her left eyelid slid open but her right would not cooperate.  The world was blurry and the light only increased in intensity. Feeling slowly returned to her fingers first and then her toes, her right foot felt as if something were tangled in it.  She tried to raise a hand but her nerves were still numbed by the gas.  Her blurry vision began to clear but her eyelid slid shut.  She struggled to open it again and succeeded in getting the right open.  She focused on the dark blur at her feet trying to control the swimming thoughts in her head.  Her toes felt wet and something rasped against her pads in slow passes.  She frowned and the form became clear.  Doctor Brussels sucked delicately on her toe, nibbling lightly on her toenail.  His tongue flicked out and drew between her pads.  Mirliton’s eyelid slid shut and she fell back into a fractal cascade of stars.


“You look so cute with your muzzle all full of gauze.”  Baguette squealed. She tweaked Mirliton’s nose.
Mirliton clumsily waved a hand to knock her hand away only to slap Baguette’s breast. Baguette put on a look of mock offense and slapped Mirliton’s breast back.
“Ow.” She moaned.
“I think you caught my piercing you bitch.” Baguette rubbed ruefully at her breast with one hand steering the car with the other.
“Gud.” Mirliton mumbled and slid back in her seat.
“How’s it look?” Baguette asked snapping a sidelong glance at her.
Mirliton shrugged and fished out a large piece of gauze. “I don’t remember.”
“The doctor showed it to you didn’t he?” Baguette giggled.
“What time is it? I think we have to go back in.” Mirliton mumbled.
“Go back in?” Baguette chuckled.
“Mrs. Asparagus is going to be mad if we don’t come in on time again.”
“Mrs. A? Honey third grade was nine grades ago.”  Baguette smirked.
“What? You’re dumb.  Can I have, can I play with your Fugu doll?”
“Fugi? Oh my Dog I completely forgot about her.  I wonder where she ended up… probably in the back of my closet.  We should totally find her when we get home.”  Baguette’s stubby tail made a shuf-shuf noise against the seat as it wagged.
“He showed me. It looks nice.  Whiter than my other… things… white… what are they called? Eatys? Biters?”
“Teeth baby.  Teeth.”
“I was missing two.” Mirliton sat up concerned feeling around her stuffed muzzle.
“I know baby.”  Baguette giggled.
“I think they fixed them.”  Mirliton looked at Baguette for confirmation but Baguette was trying to suppress an all out laugh.
“They did and you look beautiful.”
“You’re dumb.” Mirliton looked at her with mock ridicule. 
“Bitch.”
“Bitch.”
They both cracked up laughing.


“My face hurts.” Mirliton lay on the couch with her head in Baguette’s lap.  
Boule, Rye and Pumpernickel sat sprawled across the second couch and a chair.  Hide Tanner 3 played on the TV in loud staccato as The Roast emptied a seemingly endless clip of bullets into a room of degenerate gang members.  Fur and blood flew in impossible amounts to fill the air.
“Did you take one of your pills? Doc gave you the real good stuff.  We could probably get twenty bucks a pill if you don’t need them.” Baguette shook the orange pill bottle.
“No I need them for my face.” Mirliton said childishly and snatched at them.
Baguette drew them out of reach teasing her before opening the bottle and dumping out two.  One she fed Mirliton followed by a sip of soda from the long twirly straw.  The second she popped into her own mouth and took a sip from the same straw.
“Hey…”  Mirliton mumbled.
“Is for horses.” Baguette pulled at Mirliton’s ear.
“Bitch.”
“Bitch.”
The Roast kicked a door off its hinges with the ease someone would kick a can down the street.  Four men stood ready for him forming a wall between their boss and his rampage.  Three guns snapped up and a grenade was thrown.  The Roast snaked a long tongue into his large bovine nose and tipped his thick horns in his trade mark greeting before snatching the grenade out of the air in a massive hand. His arm wound back like an All Star pitcher and hurled the grenade into the chest of the man directly in front of the lion dressed in a white suit.  The man looked down at the grenade lodged in his chest and then at his fellow thugs before turning the four of them into a chunky red mist.  The Roast brushed thug off his bandolier and looked up.
“Now that's a spicy meatball.” The whole room called out the line in the mock guttural tones of the massive bison.   
The five of them burst into laughter as The Roast moved in for the kill but was robbed of his satisfaction as the lion in white leapt into his chair and hit a hidden red button contained within a bust of a lion cast in bronze.
“How was your trip?”  Baguette asked.
“Trip?” Mirliton frowned.  “I didn’t go on any trip.”
“You took the gas didn’t you?” Rye chipped in.
“Yeah, yes.” Mirliton nodded confused.
“Everyone trips on gas and has a nice lucid dream while they work.”  Pumpernickel nodded and scratched himself.
“I…”  Mirliton frowned. “I remember Baguette dropping me.”
Baguette scoffed. “I did not drop you.  You were going on about your toes being wet and you tried to show me and fell over.  You took me with you if you would like the whole story.”
“Bitch.”
“Bitch.”
“Too bad, I was out once and had a wet dream.” Pumpernickel smiled wolfishly.  “Nurse was all over me.”
“Slapping your stumpy tail because you ganked all over her smock.” Rye threw a pillow at Pumpernickel. 
“Naw Dog I mean in the dream.  She was a sweet little Yorkie.” Pumpernickel made a rude gesture.
Baguette rolled her eyes and pulled out her phone.  In seconds she had a video playing at full volume.  Pumpernickel lay in the seat beside her in the car howling and slurping the air.  A large wet stain could easily be seen on his shorts.
“Looks like you pissed yourself fool.” Boule laughed.
“Hey you can’t play that I-“ Pumpernickel made to get up but Boule pushed him back onto the couch. “Seriously Baggy turn that off.”
The video continued to play as Pumpernickel stopped howling long enough to get in a few breathless words. “I-I love you, you blew my world.  No one. Yeah that's it give it to me again. You know, yeah, right there, pull my tail.”
“Baggy turn it off!” Pumpernickel jumped up and Boule pushed him down and sat on him.
“Tofu oh tofu-“ Baguette could be heard laughing on the video before she stopped it.
“Tofu!” Rye barked. “As in our team captain Tofu?”
Boule was already laughing so hard that he tumbled off of Pumpernickel who leapt up and stormed towards Baguette.  He stopped short flushed red under his cream and tan fur. “Baggy please.”
She was laughing hard but managed to delete the video and show him it was gone.  His hackles fell and his shoulders slumped.  He pulled up at his shorts holding his hands to cover his groin. 
“Dog damn never going to live this down.” Pumpernickel whined and collapsed into a recliner glaring at Boule who was mock humping a pillow.
“Its okay Nickel.” Mirliton giggled. “I don’t remember anything but Bags says I was a bit strange.”
“You are always a bit strange.” Baguette tickled the inside of Mirliton’s ear.
“I’m not gay!” Pumpernickel yelped.
“We believe you Nickel.” Rye smirked. “You jut like to chew a bone every now and then we get that.”
“Well at least I’m not pounding off to the hairless aliens of Terraurth.”  Pumpernickel snarled sarcastically. 
“Ug see, what did I tell you, nothing but boners around here when there are no girls to strut for.”  Baguette sneered and threw a pillow at Rye.
“Sorry Mirl.” Boule mumbled.
“Yeah sorry Mirl.” Pumpernickel hastily added.
The Roast took an impossibly thin Ibex in his arms and stroked her graceful antlers. His index finger was thicker than her thigh and he was at least two feet taller than she was, not to mention outweighing her by half a tonne.  A saxophone heavy riff began to play as the camera began to swing in orbits around the pair.
“Do they really expect us to believe that he is going to bed that skinny bitch?” Baguette laughed.
“He’d be lucky to get a pinky in there.” Rye chuckled.
“What is the point of this scene?” Mirliton giggled.
“Tail and tits.” Boule replied matter-of-factly. 
“Yeah but we don't get to see his sausage and eggs.  It's a little one sided.” Baguette whined. 
“He’s got a nude photo set online.” Pumpernickel chimed in and then swore as Rye began laughing.
“You’d know.” Rye swatted a pillow out of the air in mid laugh.
“Yeah but I want to see it now.” Baguette pursed her lips. “What about you Mirl…”
A heavy snore issued forth from Baguette’s lap and the four Corgi’s chuckled as the pitbull started up their legendary chainsaws to go logging.
“Do you need help getting her upstairs?” Rye asked eagerly.
“Boule can help.” Baguette rolled her eyes at him.
“What’s that look for, I’m not some perv.” Rye whined.
“Oh I know you wouldn’t dare try anything, but I don’t want to give you the idea that helping her is getting to know her.  You leave her alone.”
“I-“ Rye began again but was stopped by Boule.
“Let it go Rye, Baggy is right.  The last thing she needs now is any kind of extra attention no matter how innocent.”
“I was going to say I know, alright.  I just wanted to help.”  Rye sunk back in his chair.
Boule lifted her from the couch with a grunt.  Her six foot frame on his four foot and change made him look like he was carrying a giant.
“Do you have her?” Baguette asked concerned.
“Yeah just go open her door for me.”


Mirliton ran through the trees and underbrush blindly tearing at the branches and growth to clear a path.  She had to get to the clearing, she would be safe in the clearing.  The thump-thump of Bisque’s heart beat was like a kettle drum to her ears.  He was behind her, always behind her, a dark absence in the world.  His words found her no matter how far she had run.
“Death cannot stop me child.  My mama was Vodou queen.  She curse me for being black soul. I can only suffer life child no death for me.  I come for you.  Come for your friends.  Come for that little bitch.  I come in you.  You mine, you my blood.”
Mirliton tripped and tumbled into the clearing landing hard on her arm.  She turned over to see the black shape standing just beyond the trees.  Something crashed through the trees behind her and Pecan stood over her fallen form growling.  Laughter came from the black form, deep, sharp and unnatural like knocking upon a rotted door on rusted hinges.  Pecan barked viciously and Mirliton saw his past reclaim him.  The grey retreated from his fur, and the loose hide filled with rippling muscles.  
“You think you Gris-gris will protect you forever girl?” The dark shape melted into the darkness beyond the clearing. His voice came from all around her. “I come for you.”
Mirliton sat bolt upright in bed her head still swimming from the nightmare and her jaw throbbing with pain.  Her pillow had a bright red spot of blood staining the floral pattern.  She touched her new teeth but found no blood then her nose and found the source.  Before she could even register a proper reaction to it a commotion down stairs drew her to the door.  Before she knew it she was at the railing watching Bruschetta and Briosch carry Sourdough into the kitchen.  There was a second commotion as they roughly swept the table clean and hauled him atop it. 
Mirliton hurried down and rounded the corner as Baguette came around the opposite. Briosch was bleeding from his nose and a gash on his arm.  They blocked her view of Sourdough but as she entered she began to get the picture.  His right leg was obviously broken and from there his body was a mess of lacerations and contusions. 
“What in the holy Dog happened?” Baguette yelped.
“Some asshole hit us with a truck.” Briosch growled.
“They hit you? H-how? Did you call the police?” Baguette rushed to the sink and soaked a wash cloth with water.
“Yeah they’ll be here in a minute.” Bruschetta growled.
“Where did you get hit?” Baguette touched the cloth to Sourdough’s head but there was no reaction.
“Down on Draw Steel Ave.”  Bruschetta stood just staring at Sourdough growling .
“That’s, that's three blocks!  Why didn’t you wait for the ambulance?” Baguette snapped.
“Fucker came back.” Briosch barked. “Wasn’t about to get hit again.”
“What do you mean came back? Are you sure he wasn’t coming back to hel-“
“He hit four mail boxes and the street sign trying to get us the second time.” Bruschetta growled. “We ran all the way back here.  Thought he’d follow us for sure, but he disappeared after Draw Stone.”
“He?  Did you get a look at him? His license plate?”  Baguette stroked Sourdough’s face.
“No, the windows were tinted.  Some old monstrous pile of rust with no plates.  I couldn’t even tell you the color for certain.” Bruschetta growled. “Blue I think.”
“Green.” Briosch wetted a washcloth and pressed it to his arm.
“Blue-green who the hell knows.” Bruschetta spat.
Sirens grew in the distance and Baguette looked up finally seeing Mirliton standing in the hall.  Mirliton felt her heart jump at the look of panic in her friend’s eyes.  The sirens stopped outside the house and Mirliton tore her eyes from Baguette and hurried to the door. She opened it just as the paramedics reached the door.  They did not stop as she pointed them in the direction of the kitchen.  Mirliton stood in the door feeling the breeze tease at the long shirt she was wearing subtly reminding her that it was all she was wearing.   Before she could move the paramedics came out of the kitchen with Sourdough strapped to the gurney with Briosch following close behind.  They hurried past her without so much as a whimper and were gone by the time Bruschetta and Baguette made it to the door.  They watched the ambulance disappear down the street and closed the door.  Baguette sighed and looked up at Mirliton and gasped.
“Mirl are you okay?” 
“What do you mean?” Mirliton frowned.
“Your bleeding Mirl.” Bruschetta tapped his nose.
Mirliton licked her nose and tasted blood then remembered her pillow. “I-I woke up from a nightmare and it was bleeding. I guess I forgot with…”
They were all silent for a moment standing in the entryway. Mirliton began to feel a bit self conscious about the draft slipping up her shirt and began picking at the hem.  
“Why would someone run you down?” Baguette muttered.
“We were just walking home.  Fucker hit Sour hard, clipped Briosch and knocked him into me.  Would have got us all if we wouldn’t have moved.” Bruschetta growled.  
“Do you… do you think it was one of my father’s friends?” Mirliton whimpered.
They were all silent again as this new idea began to take shape in their minds. “No one knows.” Baguette whispered. “No one can know.”
“No one gave a shit about him.” Bruschetta growled and then looked up worried at Mirliton. “I’m sorry Mirl-“
“No you’re right.  I… I don’t think even his friends would come looking for him like that.”
“Did he owe money to anyone?” Baguette whispered.
Mirliton shrugged. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen him with money.  He doesn’t gamble, he just… drinks… drank.”
“I think you are on to something though.  What else have we done to warrant such an attack?” Baguette clicked her tongue.
“No one knows.” Bruschetta shook his head. “What about your neighbors?”
Mirliton shook her head again. “No one in the Park would talk to the cops even with a gun to their head.”
“What the hell is going on then?” Bruschetta growled and then looked at Mirliton apologetically again. “Sorry Mirl I-“
“What are we going to tell Ma?” Baguette huffed.
“The truth.”  Bruschetta huffed back. “We were walking home and were in a hit and run.”
“I guess…” Baguette looked at Mirliton with despair. 
“I gotta go sit down.”  Bruschetta groaned and moved off in the direction of the living room.
“Don’t fall asleep!” Baguette yelled after him.
“I’m going to go put some pants on or something.”  Mirliton muttered but didn’t move. “Hey.”
Baguette looked up at her with glassy eyes. “Hey.”
“Come on.”  Mirliton waggled her fingers and Baguette took her hand.


Baguette listened to the blue pitbull snore like a chainsaw.  Sunlight streamed through the window indirectly telling her it was noon or some where there about.  Half a Saturday spent sleeping.  She was not sure how she would have spent it otherwise, probably sitting on the couch with Mirl and trying not to think of the alligators devouring her father. 
“Someone knows!” Paranoia cried.
“No one knows.” Confidence shot back.
“Everyone saw.” Guilt whined.
“They saw a alchie piece of shit rape his daughter, beat her friend, get his ass kicked and run off.” Confidence spat.
“Maybe he wasn’t dead.” Paranoia whispered.
“We didn’t even check for a pulse.” Guilt whined.
“His head was on backwards.” Confidence sighed.
“Was it? Maybe it just looked that way.” Paranoia paced.
“We shouldn’t have dumped the body.” Conscience muttered.
“We should have burned him.” ID chuckled.
“We have not had a cigarette all day.” Addiction barked.
“We should go check.” Conscience suggested.
“Check what, to see if the truck is still there?” Confidence scoffed.
“We should at least report him missing anonymously.” Conscience said.
“We were responsible for his death!” Guilt barked. “We’re not going to jail.”
“He fell in the river bed and broke his neck.  They would believe that story.” Conscience whined.
“Except he is no longer in the river bed.  We fed him to the Dog damn gators.” Guilt howled. 
“We’re sorry officers, well you see the thing is, he did fall and break his neck, and then We went for burgers, and then We took a moonlit drive and dumped his body deep in the bayou because We felt sorry for all the poor starving gators.” Sarcasm laughed.
“Ma won’t be home till six, you could have a couple smokes and no one would know.” Addiction nudged.
“Mirl is not okay.” Guilt whispered.  “She’s been distant.”
“She’s been through a lot.” Empathy cooed. “We need to do more for her.”
“It is Our fault her father is dead.” Guilt cried.
“Would you rather him just continue using her?” Confidence whirled on Guilt. “She wouldn’t last another year, either he would kill her or she would kill herself.”
“We have to get her out of here.” Empathy whined.
“She has to win the musical scholarship or else she will be back in the trailer working down at The Pound while We are at university.” Confidence pointed out.
“We are so loud, We all need to calm down.” Addition blew in her ear.
“Smell her.” Desire whispered.
“We need to practice today.” Confidence nodded. “We need to structure a schedule and help her stick to it.  We need to be there for her, We need to help her escape.”
Mirliton mumbled and rolled over facing Baguette, with half lidded eyes she reached out and wrapped her arms around Baguette.  She mumbled something indistinct but Baguette wrapped her own arms around the blue pit and lay her head under Mirliton’s chin.  She smelled musky and just a bit sour with an overtone of corn-chips.  


Mirliton drew the cleaning rod through her flute and then inserted the fluffy pad saver before setting it in the worn velvet insert.  She snapped the case shut and hummed Paganinni Pastao Caprice tapping her implants with her tongue.  They were cold and foreign in her mouth, always there as a reminder that her father would always be in her mouth.  She worked her lips and licked her nose standing up.  The recital had gone well, her momentary set back had all but disappeared as soon as the swelling had gone down.  Ms. G had bullied her into agreeing to coming in two extra times a week until the state meet.  Baguette had left class early to visit her brother in the hospital, Mirliton had excused herself to do something she had avoided doing for two weeks.
The walk home was almost new to her but hauntingly familiar. Her paws knew the road and her nose knew the scent trails well.  She tried to concoct a story to tell her mother but her mind would not cooperate.  Every idea, thought, or hint of abstraction was washed away in white noise.  She was unable to form little more than a few basic worries.  Her mother would have returned home by now and she would have definitely noticed that Bisque was gone.  She would have also noticed that her daughter was missing yet she had done nothing to contact her or look for her.  
The Park came into view around the corner of the trees just as dilapidated and pitiful as she had left it.  Her eyes now accustomed to Baguette’s lovely upper middle class home now found it even more sad.  Siding hung from the trailers, windows were boarded over with rotting plywood.  Countless rusting hulks marked places where vehicles had stopped and never ran again.  Assorted broken lawn ornaments covered what were supposed to be lawns but contained little more than hard packed dirt and weeds if the owner was lucky.  The trees that skirted the park looked sickly and stunted as if the sheer aura of melancholy had withered them.  
Mirliton stopped outside her trailer and felt phantom pains wrack her body as if she were being attacked all over again.  The splintered wood from the railing still lay between the trailers forgotten.  A single dim light illuminated the living room through tattered bed sheets they had used as curtains. Mirliton swallowed and tried to prepare herself but felt her courage failing.  With one shaking paw after another she climbed the stairs and stood before the door.  With a final breath she turned the knob and opened it.
“Ma.” Her voice was little more than a whimper but the sound was enough to get a twitch of ears from the body passed out on the couch.  A half dozen bottles lay on the living room floor with a salad bowl serving as an ash tray.  The large bowl had done a fair job of controlling the ash from littering the room nearly overflowing despite the litter of  butts scattered in front of the couch.  Mirliton tried to do some simple math in her head to figure out how long her mother had been on the couch.  She stopped when she saw the broken pipe near the salad bowl and the other stuck in the ash.  
“You bastard.”  Oille attempted to lift her head but only managed to turn it roughly in Mirliton’s direction. “She finally seduce you… Oh… what did you do with the piece of shit?”
“Ma?” Mirliton whimpered.
“Finally run off with him?  Leave your mother to die?” She slurred.
“Ma! He left.” Mirliton barked causing her mother to flinch. “He left Ma.  I-I was here all alone.  I didn’t have anything to eat.”
“’Cept his dick.” Oille pawed at a pack of cigarettes but failed to get them open.
“Ma how can you say that?  Where were you?” Mirliton whimpered.
“S’was busy.” She spat and finally fished out a bent cigarette. “Where he go?”
“I don’t know ma. Just… gone.” 
“Prolly runnin from Gespacho.” Oille chuckled and began coughing.
Mirliton had not moved into the living room and still could not bring herself to step over the threshold. She watched her mother fish around the cushions for a lighter.  
“When did you get back?” Mirliton asked.
“What day is it?”
“Thursday.”
“The fuckin number you little slut.  Dun care about the fuckin day.”
“25th.”
“Fuck me dry.” Oille sighed and finally came up with a book of matches.  She ruined the first four she tried swearing with more anger with each broken head. The fifth she finally scratched to life and lit a cherry on the end of her smoke.  “Got back on the 21st.”  She blew out a long stream of smoke and lay back on the couch looking up at the ceiling. 
“Ma…” Mirliton whispered.
“What do you want?”
“Ma why didn’t you come looking for me?”  Mirliton watched the cropped ears twitch.
“Figured you left with you daddy.  He like the taste of you better anyhow.”
“He raped me ma!” Mirliton felt her anger flare. “He beat me and threw me through the railing outside and raped me!  He-he was going to rape Baguette but her brothers showed up and scared him off.”
“Thought you said you didn’t know where he went.” Oille coughed.
“What is wrong with you?” Mirliton seethed.
“Loved a man that loved my child.  You will never understand that pain.”
“I-I will never understand?”  Mirliton stuttered in disbelief finally stepping into the room. “I was that child mother! It was not love, he molested me and you did nothing.” 
“Nothing I could do.” She waved the cigarette at Mirliton.
“Nothing? You-you could have taken me and-and left.  You could have called the police.”
“Law would have taken you, killed that shit bag and locked me up.  Law cannot be trusted child you know better.”
“I know I should have left a long time ago.” Mirliton was standing beside the couch now looking down at the emaciated shell of a woman lying there.  Oille stank of sour liquor, rotting tobacco, and waste.  She had not moved from the couch for even a moment over the four days she had been there.  
“What will you do now?”  Oille said through yellow teeth. “You going to end me? Did you end your father?”  Oille stared up at Mirliton through red eyes and started to laugh in a choking cough. “You did din you.  Killed the bastard for sticking it to you and your little friend.”
“I didn’t kill him.”  Mirliton said in a flat tone.
“No… no you didn’t.  You couldn’t even say no to him.”  She dropped the half lit cigarette in the salad bowl and fished out the pipe.  


Mirliton sat against the Cyprus tree looking at her cracked pads.  She pulled the blanket close around her trying to fight off the night chill.  The small duffle bag of her few things sat in the center of the clearing as if it were being singled out.  She held an unlit joint between her fingers staring at it with a look of antipathy.  With a blank stare she broke it in half and threw it into the night before wrapping the blanket tighter around her. She should have just walked back to Baguette’s, she would surely be worried by now if not actively looking for her.  There was no way she could face anyone right now in her spent emotional state.  Baguette loved her like a sister but even now Mirliton could not connect with even those who loved her. 
He appeared at the edge of the clearing standing just far enough in the darkness to be a shadow.  Mirliton felt her heart stutter and then begin to beat rapidly.  She threw off the blanket and before she could get to her feet he was standing before her.  
“Pecan! Oh Pecan.” Was all she could say as she wrapped her arms around the concerned feral dog.  She began to cry into the filthy fur without a care for fleas.  He whined with her and snuggled up against her.  Mirliton pulled him into her lap and held him close.  


“Mirl?”
Mirliton’s eyes fluttered open to find Baguette kneeling over her and Pecan beside her wagging his tail.  He nudged Baguette with familiarity and she blindly scratched his ears to satiate him.
“Mirl?” Baguette shook her hip lightly.
“Bags?” Mirliton whispered hoarsely. 
“Hey.” Baguette smiled.
“Hey.” Mirliton smiled back.
“You okay?”  
Mirliton nodded and sat up yawing.  Pecan crawled up beside her and lay his head in her lap. “Did you go by the trailer?”
Baguette shook her head. “No, I had Brush drop me at the edge of the bush. I came straight here, well actually I got lost.  Pecan found me and brought me to you.  I would have been out here all night if he had not found me.  They’d be sending the fuzz out to find me by morning.”
“No one came looking for me.” Mirliton sighed.
“What do you mean?” Baguette stroked her cheek.
“Nothing.  Thank you for bringing my warrior princess to me handsome prince.” Mirliton kissed him between the ears.
“We should go, Brush has to get up early for practice.”  Baguette giggled.
“What time is it?”  Mirliton grabbed the hand offered.
“Oneish. When you didn’t come home by midnight I went looking for you.”
“I’m sorry.” Mirliton hugged Baguette tight.
“For what baby?”  Baguette hugged her back with the same passion.
“For everything, for Bisque, for this, for-“
“Shut up you bitch.”  Baguette slapped her. “Look at me.  I love you.  You are my sister and I will do anything for you.  Do you hear me?  No more apologies.  I didn’t come all the way out here as a friend.  I’m not doing this out of some sense of obligation.”  Baguette grabbed her cheeks like you would a puppy and pulled her so their noses were touching. “Do you hear me?  Because if you don’t I could slap you again.  I kind of enjoyed it.”
“Bitch.”
“Bitch.”
“I love you.” Mirliton licked her nose sending them apart giggling. 
They stood for a moment staring at each other until Pecan bumped Mirliton with his head pushing through the back of her knees so she was now standing astride him.  
“I know what you are about to suggest.” Baguette scolded.
“We can’t leave him out here.” Mirliton pretended to sit on him and wrapped her arms around his neck.  Pecan’s tail wagged with ferocity. 
“Now you are abusing my love for you because you know I can’t say no because I just made a big speech about how much I care for you.”  Baguette sighed. “Bitch.”
“Bitch.”
“I love you.”
“I love Pecan.”
“I know you do baby.  Lets go scare the shit out of Brush when we show up with a roided out feral fighting dog.”  Baguette turned to leave then turned back. 
“What?” Mirliton asked confused.
“I don’t know how to get out of here.”  Baguette whimpered.
They giggled and Mirliton collected her quilt and box from the Cyprus tree and shouldered the duffle.  “I don’t think I will be back here.”
“Are you ready for your new lif- Did you smash a perfectly good joint?” Baguette’s voice went from caring to mocking concern as she knelt down to pick up the pieces.
“I had a moment earlier.” Mirliton muttered.
Baguette raised an eyebrow.
“Never mind, there is another one in the box.”  Mirliton sighed.
“Hey.” Baguette smiled.
“Hey.” Mirliton smiled.
“Roo.” Pecan barked.


“Look at the balls on that son of a bitch.” Pumpernickel whistled.
“Makes yours look like marbles.” Rye pushed him.
“Yeah well yours are-are pebbles.” Pumpernickel sneered.
“Boulders.” Rye grabbed his crotch in a mock lifting motion.
“The only boulders around here are the ones in your head.” Bruschetta shook his head.
“What’s his name?”  Briosch asked rubbing the bandage on his arm.
“Pecan.” Mirliton smiled scratching the wary animal behind the ears.  Pecan licked his nose a few times anxiously but gave her a reassuring look.
“Cause he’s got nuts!” Pumpernickel laughed.
“Oh my Dog.” Baguette put her face in her hands.
“Nickel!” Rye swatted at him but Pumpernickel was too quick stepping out of reach. “Sorry Baggy.”
“No.” Her voice was muffled in her hands. She looked up with a mock lip quiver. “That's exactly what I said.”  They all burst into laughter. “Its not funny, I can’t be turning into Nickel.”
“Do you spend twenty-three hours of the day with your hand down your shorts?” Briosch rolled his eyes.
“Gross.” Baguette stuck her tongue out.
“I don’t think you have much to worry about.  We’ll chalk this up to a momentary lapse in judgment due to the set of wreckers on that dog.”  Briosch nodded.
“What are we going to tell Ma when she get up?”  Rye knelt down and held out his hands to Pecan.  The big feral mutt sniffed at them exploring the scents.
“I-“ Baguette began but was cut short by Flour’s voice from the stairs.
“What on Dog’s green grass is that?” She exclaimed.
“Pecan.” Rye smiled turning.
“We can explain Ma, Mirl-“
“He is an absolute mess, take him out back and hose him down before you let him back in here.”  She shook her head. “Ya’ll raised in the wild? Pumpernickel there had better be coffee left.”
Pumpernickel’s ears dropped. “I’ll make a fresh pot Ma.”


Mirliton sat in her last history class for the week thinking of Pecan sleeping in the sun in Baguette’s back yard.   The Great Avian War flew past her ears lost on the wind.  Mr. Braunschweiger was tapping the white board with enthusiasm causing his great curved horns to swing about wildly.  His bleating was lost to her but she knew she should be listening since every word coming out of his mouth was more than likely going to be on her final.  She knew she should have been going over measures in her head for the state music competition even if she wasn’t listening to the lesson.  Pecan dominated her mind with his wide smile and wagging tail.
“Mirliton.” Mr. Braunschweiger called causing her to snap out of her day dream abruptly.  She scanned the board behind him desperately in the second or two between her name and his question. “In 1016 the Avian species united under a single banner Stratos to reject the ways of land bound Thropes in favor of creating  society solely those of flight and feathers.  Some of their Avian brethren, the flightless among them, still fought for their cause even though they were looked upon as the lowest caste.   Why do this?  Why fight for a cause that all but rejects you?”
Mirliton sighed inwardly with relief, she could do an opinion piece standing on her head while the percussion section practiced marches.  If he had asked her who flightless were she could have managed two or three but knew there were upwards of ten species of Avian Thrope that were flightless. “We in our biological Classes have a common connection with one another no matter the Genus we belong.  While we are more advanced on an evolutionary scale than our Feral cousins.” There were a few students shifting in their seats eager to put her in her place with their Faith in their  Dogma. “We still share that bond and need for social groups.  Even though the flightless were of lower caste they were still included within the hierarchy of the Stratos.  They knew where they stood within that structure but did not know where they would stand with the Mammals.  They fought for something they understood with a Class they were part of.  It is where we get the saying, birds of a feather flock together.”
“Good Mirliton.  A pack of canines will band together naturally without any of them even realizing they had done so.  We see this pattern repeated in history over and over again.  It is the one constant sociological behavior outside our need to rise above our current station.  The two Great Canid Felid wars, the one-thousand year struggle for Herbivore equality, the ongoing war with the Icthid and Marine Thropes living in our great seas.  One thing stays constant.  We will band together with those familiar before we band together with those strange to us.”
“Isn’t that caused by the fact that we cannot interbreed?” Boule asked four rows back surprising Mirliton.  She had known him for a thinker.
“It is definitely one of the core reasons we struggle between Family and sometimes even Genus.  We all know of the Mutt and Mutant movement in 1584 we studied last term.  They believed that since Species under Families could intermingle and create the mutt that if enough mutts were created eventually a mutation would occur that would allow for the cross breeding within Orders.  Which by a long process of Eugenics would allow these mutant mutts to breed across the Classes themselves.” Mr. Braunschweiger nodded amused. “This was of course disproved when the completed genomes for the feline and canine Families were mapped in 1801. Still two hundred years of fanatical belief is hard to kill even with scientific fact.”
“What about a cross between a feral and a Thrope?”  Mirliton heard herself say it but had thought she had only been thinking it. 
Mr. Braunschweiger looked at her with his hourglass pupils for a long moment. “This isn’t a biology class, those questions are best left for Mrs. Soufflé.”
The bell buzzed and students began to gather their things. Mirliton picked up her pen and history book and turned at a touch on her shoulder.  Boule, Rye, and Briosch stood behind her smiling.
“Was a good answer Mirl.” Rye squeaked and took a slap on the shoulder from Briosch.
“You want to go to lunch with us? Pumpernickel and Bruschetta are coming.  I think Baguette has to meet someone.” Boule smiled.
“She has to tutor a group of freshmen but I will be glad to join you.”  Mirliton smiled.
“Out front after the next class.” Boule suggested and she nodded.
“Bye Mirl.” Rye waved at her and Briosch slapped him again and smiled apologetically at Mirliton.


“Well someone is little miss popular.” A high voice came from behind Mirliton.  She turned to find a short Pomeranian walking up to her with an entourage in tow.  Her fur was blown out and sprayed so that every strand was visible making her look like a pair of eyes and a nose set into a poof ball.  Mirliton had always thought the look was ridiculous but for the Pomeranians the  greater the poof meant the finer the fur, which obviously meant the better the pedigree.  It was all about pure lines with them and they let everyone know it with little silver bracelets threaded with pearls.  Each pearl represented a verifiable sire in their family tree that was a pure blooded Pom. Marsala has twelve pearls on her bracelet.  The white Pomeranian beside her had three and the golden Pomeranian on her other side had five. 
“Excuse me?” Mirliton put an edge in her voice.
“You are not excused.  What business do you have running around with the starting lineup?”  Marsala sneered.
“What business is of yours?”  Mirliton huffed.
“The starting lines happiness is my business.”  Marsala scoffed.
“I thought your own happiness was you only business.” Mirliton smirked.
“My happiness is their happiness.”
“They must be very unhappy then.” Mirliton’s smirk grew to a grin.
“Daddy’s girl should stick to her own.”  Marsala sneered.
Mirliton felt her eye twitch but she felt her tongue for a moment until the initial desire to leap on the living pompom dissipated. “I can’t put my finger on it but they might be tired of passing a worn ball between them.”
“Just stick to blowing your flute, it's the only thing you should be putting in your mouth.”
“I don’t need to use my body to get attention, I have a personality.” Mirliton stood with her books and made to leave as the first bell rung.
“Is that what  you call that sad victimized puppy routine?  I thought that was just a cry for attention.”  Marsals and her friends laugh.
“Then what do you call that chipper soiled whore routine?”  Mirliton pushed through the short Pomeranians.  
“Popularity, I’ve chose all my partners, can you say the same?”  The three of them tittered as Mirliton walked away.
She could not turn around and show them the anger in her eyes.  She could not open her mouth and give up the emotions she held so close.  This was no different than the thousand days of harassment that came before and would be no different than the days leading up to graduation.  She had taken it in silence before and she would take it in silence now.


Mirliton sank her teeth into the medium rare burger tasting the fatty grease spill onto her tongue.  The five boys sat around the three small tables they had pulled together laughing.  
“We are the mutants, and the Ferals were the primal version of us.” Rye  said around a mouth full of fries.
“That mean we’re related?” Pumpernickel sipped his soda.
“I think we fall under the same, ah, Order, but not the same Class.”  Rye said with a uncertain authority.
“Family.  I don’t think we are smart enough to have this conversation.  Or at any rate you two definitely are not.”  Boule pointed a fry at Rye and Pumpernickel.
“What about Dog and the Codex?” Pumpernickel frowned.  “Says Dog birthed the first litter after creating a world for them to lay.”
“I’m not having this conversation while I am eating.” Bruschetta groaned.
“Look-“ Rye began seriously.
“We know you are trying to bring up the conversation level of this lunch because Mirl is here.”  Boule sighed. “Sorry Mirl.”  Mirliton smiled and bit another delicious mouthful out of her burger. “But we haven’t considered the fact that in trying to sound smarter than we are…”
“By magnitudes.” Briosch muttered.
“That we will end up sounding like those cringe factor neck manes that hang out down by the stairs.”  Boule sipped his soda.
“Dog I do not want to sound like them.” Pumpernickel shook his head.
“Then we go back to what we always talk about?” Rye pulled a semi embarrassed face.
“Don’t stop on my account.  I almost always eat alone.”  Mirliton assured them.
“Knots it is.” Briosch groaned.
“Look they say if you band it before it starts to fill that the blood can’t flow back out and will just keep…” Pumpernickel expanded a fist until it looked as if he were holding a softball.
“Dog you are dumb sometimes.  There is only so much blood the tissue can hold.  Maybe a band will get you a five percent increase but that is nothing.” Bruschetta shook his head. “Not that it will matter because you’ll still be as short as your thumb.”
“Come on Brush, you know I’m at least a thumb and a half.”  Pumpernickel mocked causing a ripple of laugher to run around the table. “Mirl big knot or small?” 
“Dog damn Nickel you can’t just ask her a question like that.” Rye rubbed the bridge of his muzzle.  
“It is a vestigial attribute to a primary organ.” Mirliton swallowed her burger and took a sip of her iced tea. “Its purpose was to tie the female to ensure proper insemination occurred without the interference of other males.  Now most males don’t know what to do with it beside mash it into the outside of a vulva.”
Boule and Briosch laughed heartily.
“Sounds like your nightly routine without the accompanying female Nickel.” Bruschetta chuckled.  Pumpernickel threw a fry at him.
“You never answered the question.”  Pumpernickel smirked.
Mirliton looked at the last bite of her burger without expression. “I’ve only ever had one knot.”
The table was silent and still as they realized the implications of her words.  She  popped the last bite in her mouth and chewed quietly.  It was a long moment before anyone gathered up enough courage to speak again.
“We’re sorry Mirl.  Nickel’s an idiot.”  Boule frowned.
“I’m an idiot Mirl, I wasn’t thinking.  You can slap me or whatever.” Pumpernickel  whined unable to look at her.
“Dog damn all of you assholes.”  Briosch swore and was about to get up only to stop.
Mirliton held up and hand and smiled sadly at them. “I owe you all more than I could ever repay.  You freed me, and, and you’re kind in ways that I have never known.  I’ve only had Bags as a friend, I’ve always known you but at a distance.  Since… you’ve all taken me in as if I were your sister.”  She looked around hesitantly to see if the other tables were listening but found that most had already left on their way back to classes.  “I’ve never had brothers, or even male friends for that matter.  I can forgive the foolishness and laugh with you.  I… I just don’t want to be alone anymore.”
“You’re not alone anymore Mirl.”  Boule smiled. “You are trapped with a bunch of halfwits.”
They all laughed.


Mirliton pulled Pecan close wrapping her arms around him and burying her face in his neck.  They had shampooed him three times to get rid of the fleas and scheduled him for vaccinations the next day.  The boys seemed to love him and even Flour had called him handsome once he had been cleaned up.  He smelled of sandalwood and musk now.  He snuggled his back into her and gave his tail two wags before the snores began in earnest.
What she had said to Pumpernickel still rang in her ears.  She had only ever had sex with one man and that was her father.  She had been unwilling and forced into the acts he demanded on her.  She had written off sex as something dreadful until she had been well into high school and the budding hormones began to take hold of everyone, herself included. As the estrus spread about the females like wildfire she had learned about the mutual need and blossoming relationships.  It was then she learned how much damage had already been done to her psychologically as well as physically.  
As long as she could remember she could never keep a relationship stable for more than a week.  Like clockwork they would hit it off and share many interests.  They would feel that spark light a fire between them and they would share their dreams and hopes.  They would plan out their lives and everything would seem golden.  They would eventually find themselves moving beyond the kiss and into heavy petting.  Most of the time she was fine with a bit of foreplay, she enjoyed when the other party was concentrated on giving something to her instead of her giving everything to them.  However as soon as things moved past this point she would grow sick with anxiety and fear.  She would push them away suddenly accosted with feelings of dread and guilt. The relationship would be frustrated by her self-destruction and like numerous times before her love would fester and leave.
Hope smoldered in her heart now that her father was gone.  Perhaps she could finally find someone to take things slow with.  To inch step by painful step until she was what they referred to as a normal Thrope.  Could she have a relationship with a man know what was to come?  She did not think she could handle his emotional need for the act.  She wanted her first time, first time willing, to be emotionless and with no strings attached.  Not mechanical in nature, toys did nothing for her, but an organic experience with someone that would just stay a friend.  She laughed at herself and impossibility of the situation.  She might as well ask for the perfect man.
Something wet touched the edge of her hand as she slowly scratched Pecan’s belly. It took her a moment and another accidental touch to realize what it was.  She grew ashamed of her thoughts that suddenly sprang to life.  Baguette’s earlier comment came back to her in stereo.  If only those balls were on a Thrope.  The ramifications of her thoughts were not lost on her.  Pecan pushed himself back into her so they were spooning tightly together.  Mirliton knew she shouldn’t, she knew she couldn't, but this is what she was looking for.  A no stings attached new beginning.  She could initiate the act and be a willing participant.  No one would ever have to know, Pecan couldn’t say anything and she would never utter a word of it.  Her hand found his sheath already filled with his swelling member.  She stroked the short hairs running along the sheath and hesitated as her fingertips brushed against his scrotum.   Her finger closed around the large round orbs and squeezed them gently.  Pecan’s tail slapped her thighs as he gave it a few appreciative wags.
Mirliton withdrew her hand and pressed it to her chest feeling her heart racing.  She rolled onto her back and looked up at the ceiling her desire fighting her principles for control of her body.  She wanted him, there was no arguing that but she could not take advantage of him as her father had taken advantage of her.  She had been little when it began and had trusted her father.  Nothing had seemed wrong when he had “played” with her.  She had gone along with his seemingly simple requests without question.  It had taken her years to come to the realization that she had been manipulated and her trust abused.  She had been molested and conditioned to believe any resistance would be a disappointment.  She had never wanted to disappoint her mother or father.  The looks on their faces when she had done something wrong crushed her heart.
Her groin tingled with heat and the pressure of swelling organs.  Shame and guilt were suddenly upon her laughing and holding her down as Bisque’s tongue slid into her ear.  She could not hope for intercourse with no emotional connection, there would always be her father standing in the shadows watching.  Whispers of her corrupted youth and soiled body shut down the pleasure she sought.  Enjoyment was not hers to have.  Hot tears pressed at the corners of her eyes as she fought the cackling furies.  Her throat closed and her lungs shuddered as she tried to take a calming breath.
The bed shifted and when she opened her eyes a blurry form stood over her.  Pecan’s tongue drew her tears away with a careful swipe.   Mirliton reached up and pulled him down to her chest in a tight embrace.  He whined softly in her ear and nuzzled his face into her neck.


A knock at her door woke Mirliton.  Sunlight streamed though her blinds indicating it was early morning.  Mirliton slid out of bed and fished her shirt and panties off the floor.
“Just a second.”  She called out at the second knock.
“Mirliton?” Flour’s voice came muffled through the door.
Mirliton frowned, it was rare that Flour would connect with her directly, she normally sent Baguette to deliver any messages.  Pecan hopped off the bed and trotted to the door.  A scarf had trouble containing the mess of wiry hair on her head but did so creating a controlled explosion of curls.  She unlocked the door and opened it with a smile. “Good morning.”
“Good morning Mirliton, there… there are some officers down stairs to see you.”  Flour’s concerned look froze Mirliton’s heart but she kept a steady gaze.
“Officers?”  She asked with only the slightest squeak in her voice.
“They didn’t say what they wanted.  I… I don’t think you are in trouble.”  Flour wrung her hands. 
Mirliton frowned.  If they were not there to arrest her for the murder of her father than what business did they have with her? “I’ll be right down.”
Mirliton closed the door and threw on a pair of jeans and a new shirt re-wrapping her hair in a scarf that pulled it all back out of her face.  She found the main floor empty, no sign of the boys, Baguette or Flour.  Mirliton approached the door listening to Pecan’s muffled pacing in the room directly above her.  The sudden thought that they were here for him struck her heart.  Perhaps someone had seen him, recognized him and reported him stolen.  Her hand froze above the knob as she wrestled with the idea.
The officers were Equine standing just off the porch at the bottom of the steps yet were still able to look her in the eye.  Mirliton brushed an errant strand of hair out of her face and stepped out onto the porch leaving the door ajar behind her.
“Can I help you officers?”  
“Mirliton Chayote?”  The large male Appaloosa asked.
“Y-yes.”
“Is your mother Oille Chayote?”  The female dapple gray asked.
“Yes.” Mirliton felt her stomach plummet.  Her mother had turned her in, fingered her for some kind of reward or leeway, something to serve her own selfish hide.
“We are sorry to inform you that your mother was found dead this morning.”  The Appaloosa said sympathetically.
“D-Dead?”  Horror struck at her with a cascade of memories of her mother lying face down on the bathroom floor. The last memory Mirliton had of her was the rock in the blackened pipe covered in flame as she walked out the door.  “H-how?”
“A neighbor reported smelling a foul odor coming from the house.  When she investigated she found your mother passed away on the couch.  The EMT on the scene believes she OD’d a few days before she was found.  We would like you to come down to the station with us and identify the body.”  The Dapple Grey said in a flat monotone.


Mirliton stood over her mother’s emaciated form.  The hide hung on her bones with sharp angles and hollow cavities.  What lay under the white sheet was once a red pitbull that was only a fragile shell of the woman her mother had been.  Her fur was patchy and pocked with festering lesions, her few teeth were pitted with black spots and stained the color of urine. 
“This is my mother.”  Mirliton confirmed with whisper.
The medical examiner nodded and made some notes on her clipboard. “Is there anything you would like to ask me?”
“What… what do I do now?”  Mirliton turned to the slender Abyssinian with a lost look on her face.
Her smile was practiced and made to comfort the bereaved but it did little to assure Mirliton. “You’ll go back up to the first floor, and fill out a few forms.”
“I mean. I don’t know. I…”
“There are counselors available when you sign the body out if you are having a difficult transition.”  The medical examiner lay a hand on her shoulder.
“No I…”  Mirliton shook her head feeling Bisque in the room. “I don’t know.  How do you rid yourself of the dead?  I mean their presence, no, that’s not what I mean…”
“Honey that sounds like something to be discussed with your spiritual advisor.”
“I don’t have religion.” Mirliton mumbled.
“Well, there are always friends to shoulder some of the burden.”
“I am already a burden.”


“Are you okay Mirliton?” Flour asked from the driver’s seat. 
Mirliton nodded but could not bring herself to say anything.  The view outside the passenger’s window was a blur of colors and nothing more.  Roofers by the Geldings played quietly on the radio.
She said no
You said yes
I yelled go
You said no


High on the roof
Lips wet and free
Feelings of serenity
Strangled emotions


You said now
She said maybe
I play-
The car lurched violently accompanied by the sound of screeching metal.  Mirliton’s head bounced off the window and then the dashboard before she felt her body leave the seat.  She could not tell if the roof came down to smash her or she went up to meet it.  The world spun on an impossible axis before imploding in on her and consuming her in blackness.
Bisque was on top of her, crushing the air out of her.  He bit at her face, neck and shoulders while grinding his hips into hers.  Pain attacked everything below her neck with throbbing regularity. He huffed and growled as he went at her like a Feral with estrus craze. Mirliton tried to push him off but her arms were pinned at awkward angles behind her.  His foul breath burned her lungs as she tried to take in air to call out for help.  Oily effluence spilled from his mouth and nose threatening to suffocate her.  
Sharp claws grabbed at her tearing at her arms and shoulders.  Mirliton tried to struggle only to hear voices in the darkness.
“Ma’am stop moving.”  The claws wrapped around her upper arms and pulled again.  Bisque pulled out of her and stood laughing as the weight eased from her chest.  The smoke cleared and she was suddenly looking at a blurry shape dressed in blue.
“Concussion, lacerations, no visible breaks, could be internal bleeding. Neck brace. Give her twenty cc’s of-“
“We got a second one this side, unconscious, in pretty bad shape.”
“Get them loaded now.”
Mirliton could not move her head, forced to stare into the clear blue sky.  Sounds of sirens drowned out the chatter between the EMT that would appear and disappear out of her peripheral vision.   She could still feel Bisque gnawing at her thighs trying to get to her sex.  Panicked she began to struggle and kick at him in an attempt to make him stop tearing at her hide.  The EMT appeared and tried to say something to her but she could not hear him over the sound of Bisque’s laughter and growling. She felt a lance of fire stab into her arm and a fire spread from it.  Behind the fire came nothing.  Bisque crawled back on top of her as they loaded her into the back of an ambulance.  He covered her mouth with his and sucked at her face.  She tried to scream but she was falling.


Baguette burst through the door out of breath with her mind screaming.  Her mother had sustained only minor injuries saved by the fact that the unidentified vehicle had struck them on the passenger’s side.  The helpless look of sorrow in her mother’s eye had sent her sprinting from the room and across the hospital in search of her friend.  A nurse stood just outside the curtain shielding the bed from view.  The Blue Jay turned to her as she tried to slow her pace but she was unable to hide the expression on her face.  The look must have been on the extreme to force his face to startle. His feathers fluffed in an involuntary reaction to her and then settled as he regained composure. 
“May I help you?”  
“Mirliton Chayote?”  Baguette breathed.
“And you are?” He replied with a snap.
“Her sister.” Baguette growled.
The blue jay looked past the curtain than back to Baguette raising an eyebrow.  She was ready to leap on him should he deny her visitation but he reluctantly nodded and stepped back.
Mirliton lay with her eyes closed, a neck brace tipping her muzzle to the ceiling, and IV’s snaking out of her left arm.  Baguette rushed to her side and took her hand.  There was no response, no squeeze or flicker of eyelids.  Baguette’s heart dropped into her stomach causing it to churn.
“Is she… I…”
“She is under heavy tranquilizers at the moment for her own safety.  She may have taken a sever blow to the head, when the EMTs picked her from the wreckage of the car she was screaming about a man trying to rape her.  They had to sedate her on the ride over but when she arrived and came too she was convinced he was still in the room.  We have her scheduled for a CT scan later tonight.”
“Oh Mirl.”  Baguette sighed. 
“The doctor should be on his rounds right now, he should be about ten, twenty minutes at the most.  He can answer any more questions you might have.”  The nurse left without so much as a smile.
Baguette turned back to Mirliton and lost all semblance of composure.  With her muzzle buried in the sheets beside Mirliton her tears poured out with a wail.
“Our fault, We did this to her!” Guilt yowled.
“We left her alone and ignored her in times of need!” Conscience whined.
“We had to find an outlet for all of that pent up passion.” Desire growled.
“Pumpernickel will be mad if he finds out Tofu prefers a vagina to a penis.” Conscience said sincerely.
“For being the team captain with a fantastic body he didn’t know how to use that dick of his.  We had to pop it back in how many times?” Disappointment groaned.
“It wasn’t even worth the effort spent, We could have sat on some silicone at home, a-and now Mirliton is in the hospital because we were not there to-“ Guilt cried.
“We would have ended up next to her in a hospital bed.” Conscience howled.
“We deserve to be in the bed next to her.” Guilt spat.
“What about the things she’s seeing?”  Concern minced.
“Who crashed into them?” Curiosity whimpered.
“Its the same guy that got Sourdough.” Paranoia barked.
“We can’t know that for sure.” Doubt quibbled.
“We do know that for sure.  The second vehicle left the scene.” Paranoia barked.
“Bags?” Mirliton’s voice was barely a whisper.
Baguette’s head sprang up and her glasses flew off. “Mirl!”  Baguette nearly scrambled onto the bed out of excitement. “Oh Mirl I am so sorry. I-I Should have been there for you. I-I don’t,I had to, Mirl I’m so stupid I went and, and, and, and I saw Tofu.  I-I-I-”
“Bags.”  Mirliton croaked.
“Mirl?”
“Shut up.”
“Bitch.” Bags laughed between sobs.
“Bitch.” Mirliton wheezed and flopped a hand onto Baguette’s hand.
“Hey.”  Baguette pressed Mirliton’s hand to her cheek.
“Hey.”  Mirliton rubbed a thumb weakly across her fur.


“Fuck is going on here?” Rye paced at the end of Mirliton’s bed.
“Someone knows.”  Pumpernickel hissed.
“No one knows.”  Boule slapped Pumpernickel’s ears.
“Then how the hell do you explain it?” Rye growled.
“Keep your voice down.”  Baguette frowned at him.
“Did anyone see the guy that hit me at all?” Mirliton sipped a spoonful of soup.
Boule shook his head. “Cops said all they found was rust and mud at the scene.  Figured he had to be doing at least fifty when he T-boned you.”
“In a twenty-five.” Rye spat as if he were a saint in speed zones.
“Said who ever hit you was aiming for you too.”  Boule wagged a finger at the girls.  “They want to talk to both of you.”
“Ran me through the course.” Rye shook his head. 
“What did you say?”  Baguette asked concerned.
“What can I say, I don’t know anything.”  Rye shrugged.
Boule nodded, “They are not asking the questions you think they are asking.  They want to know if Mirliton had any enemies, why someone would target her, kibble like that.”
“They didn’t ask me anything.” Pumpernickel whined disappointed.
“They knew you didn't know anything from that ‘why is my tail stuck in my mouth?’ look on your face.” Rye rolled his eyes.
“How is Flour?”  Mirliton finished her soup and wiped her mouth.
“I don’t think I have ever seen her as angry and sorry at the same time in my life.”  Boule raised his eyebrows amused.
“Angry?  I hope its not something I did.  Does she blame me for what happened?” Mirliton asked hoarsely. 
“No, nothing like that, on the subject of you she is inconsolable.  She blames herself for you being here.  She is angry at the insurance company because they won’t process the whole claim since there is little to no evidence of the other driver.”  Boule smiled.
“What about the police report?”  Mirliton frowned.
“Not finished yet, I think she’s called them on the hour every hour for the last few days now.” Rye chuckled.