Spice of Life
By Jambalaya the Pitjambalayathepit@gmail.com


His hand came down again, behind the stars that filler Mirliton’s eyes and the electric fire running through her face she felt a tooth bounce off of her tongue and lodge in the back of her throat.  The fourth descent of her father’s hand was arrested by her gaging and the vomit that followed.  Mirliton doubled over retching fighting the desire to black out.
“Bouzin sal! You clean that up girl. Then you go clean up your mother.” Bisque knelt and took her ear in his hand and pushed his muzzle deep. “Then you come back here and do as you told.”  
His free hand grabbed the base of her tail and wrenched it up causing her to cough up a yelp.  Mirliton watched him stumble to his paws, give her one last lecherous look and turn to leave bouncing off the doorframe.  He swore a string of curses and vanished into the kitchen in search of more wine. 
Mirliton rubbed the tears from her eyes with the back of her hand.  She told herself they were not tears of fear or sadness, nor even that of pain.  The liquid trickling from her eyes was simply a physical reaction to the beating.  She stared down at the chunky tawny soup between her knees and the single bright white point in the sea of mess.  She felt nothing, she knew she should be sad, afraid, sick, or even angry, but… Mirliton brushed aside a half digested carrot and picked up her tooth.  Her tongue found the hole just behind her canine.  Pristine white with a small skirt of plaque before the bloody root it looked so tiny outside her mouth.  The dizziness abated and the heat of the pain in her face began to recede as the hot tears rolled down her cheeks in earnest. She told herself again that it was just a physical reaction.  
Mirliton found her mother passed out on the bathroom floor naked save for a sock dangling from one paw.  A cigarette smoldered on the seat of the toilet surrounded by a ring of butts as if the john had a pack a day habit.  A bottle of rum lay in a pool of its own liquor unable to control the evacuation of its contents as her mother lay in a pool of the same. Mirliton leaned on the doorframe looking down at the unconscious red pitbull; the only sign of life was the sporadic intake of breath almost as if the body had forgotten to breathe.  
“At least you made it onto the tile this time.” She muttered stepping into the foul smelling room.  
This had been a weekly routine for her since she had turned eleven and her mother had sought comfort in the bottle as her father sought comfort in his daughter. Mirliton pulled her mother’s legs into the tub first; moving a body that was more or less dead seemed a herculean task to a girl in her teens.  She had learned from her uncle, who was one of the best gator trappers in the area, how to roll a body that outweighed you five times over into a boat. Mirliton levered her mother’s hips onto the edge of the tub and with a quick twist spun her torso over the lip.  
Mirliton felt her paws leave the tub as her mother’s shoulder occupied the space they had been.  Her hands went out to grab anything but met only with moldering tile and rusty pipes.  The back of her head hit the shower knob and the icy rain crashed down upon them.  Mirliton lay with her mother in the bottom of the tub as the shower sputtered and groaned as if every droplet were an effort that could be the end of its life.  She wrapped her arms around the comatose body and pulled her close. The cold was forgotten as Mirliton sang softly stroking her mother’s cropped ears.
“On down to the river we go.
White gowns towing clouds.
On down to the river we go.
Tongues lifting spirits proud.


Here run the waters of our soul
There go the fathers of our home
Where are the mothers of our child?
On down to the river they go


Jump in the river paws rejoice
Toss out the line for just a bite
Wash ‘way soil ‘til your soul is clean
Down to the river you go.”


Mirliton poked her head around the corner of the bedroom; the snores were the herald of her relief.  Her father lay in the tattered ez-chair with one arm wrapped around a bottle of wine and the other buried in his stained boxers.  The scrambled feed of a satellite channel moaned and screamed with the faux passion of cheap coitus.  She adjusted her towel before moving to turn the TV off and lift the wine bottle from her father’s arm.  He snorted and licked his jowls muttering something before continuing his snore.   His breath stank of rotting teeth and spoiled wine but was only an accent to the overall odor coming from his fur.  The memory of the sour taste of him in her mouth would never leave her and even now with his effluence filling her nostrils she felt as if her head was between his legs.  
With all the rage and abuse suffered over seven years she screamed his name as she swung the wine bottle into his skull.  His eyes flashed open but were uncomprehending as his left eye socket caved in as the bottle shattered.  He gurgled a font of gore and shook violently as if he were being electrocuted.  
His snoring sputtered and he shifted in his chair, the hand in his shorts reflexively stroked himself and the tip of his redness peaked out above the waistband.   She wrinkled her muzzle and bared her teeth in a silent snarl as the weight of the wine bottle grew heavier.  The colossal mass would not be swung no matter how hard she try.  


The night was cool on her damp fur as she exited the trailer and set off into the dark rows between mobile homes.  Even with her hood up she felt that she was exposed to the world.  Her pace was quick skirting the edge of the dim lights and places of life active even at the late hour.  Her thoughts ran sluggishly refusing to coalesce into anything more than self-hatred.  That little chorus of voices in the back of her head listed her faults in no particular order but with the reckless abandon of an environmental protestors screaming into the wind of an oil magnate. 
“I am weak.  I am a fool.  I am a slut.  I am soiled.  I am dumb.  I am a disease. I will never be loved.  I will never escape. I am nobody. I don’t care.  I don’t need these emotions.  I don’t need help.  I am fine on my own. Leave me alone! Alone!”
Mirliton quickened her pace to a jog as she hit the edge of the forest.  The desire to escape the words in her head drove her paws.  Her hood flew back and her brain went silent as she broke into a sprint. She always wondered what would happen if she just kept running.  It was four miles to the other end of the forest, twelve miles through the lowlands, twenty four miles through the bayou to the next town, a hundred and twenty to the next major city.  The gators would probably get her without a boat, they’d been known to take a scrawny pit like herself with ease.  Yet that was not what stopped her from letting her paws just carry her away.  
The trees abruptly vanished and she stopped in a small clearing. What stopped her was her mother, there was no love shared between them.  As far as her mother was concerned Mirliton had stolen her husband from her and continued to unwillingly do so on a weekly basis.  Mirliton’s tears and cries for help did nothing to console her mother’s selfish mind.  She stopped because she knew her mother would be dead within a week left on her own.  Mirliton loved her mother despite her egregious faults and could not stand the thought of her left on that disgusting bathroom floor to die abandoned in her own mess.
Mirliton breathed deep of the forest viewing the environment through her nose.  The scent impressions came alive to the world dark to her eyes.  Each tree had its own signature scent while being part of the whole.  Crowds of ferns, ivy’s, and earthy moss congregated and spoke to one another in the whisper of the breeze. A half dozen animals had passed through the clearing in the last hour, small game, three opossum, two rabbits, and one lost dog.  She sniffed again narrowing her focus; the dog was still near.  A well of nervousness began to brew inside her.  She did not want to be stuck out in the middle of nowhere to be mauled by a feral dog, yet she did not want to go home.
Her own scent, old now, still lingered among the trees of the clearing.  Her paws moved out of habit to an old fallen Cyprus, from within its interior she pulled a thick blanket crocheted long ago by her great grandmother.  Mirliton had learned to crochet for the sole purpose of repairing the only remaining heirloom of the ancient blue pit.  She had met her great grandmother only once and had come away in awe. The old blue bitch had a commanding presence while her age flirted with triple digits.  When she barked even the Alpha males dropped their ears and tucked their tails.  
The second item she withdrew was a small wood box.  Her grandfather had given her the box on her tenth birthday intended to be used for jewelry.  With the blanket wrapped around her she sat against the Cyprus and ran her hands over the knots carved into the box. She had never owned jewelry, before she had run away the first time at twelve she had just kept things like a child treasures.  Old bottle caps from her birthday party, a cigar ring from her grandfather’s favorite brand of cigars, a picture of her parents on their wedding day, and a yellowing photo of her grandfather sat like materialized memories.  While it still held these things and more collected over the years, it now served a purpose outside that of keepsake.  She opened the cover and the skunky aroma hit her full in the face.  Four tightly wrapped joints lay among the memories in the bottom of the box.  An old flip top lighter, her grandfather’s from the war, lay with the embossed skull looking at her with fire dancing in its eyes. An inscription around the skull read, 
“You may take me but I will see you in hell.”
She had never understood the inscription and did not like to think about the connotations.  
Halfway through the joint with her head filled with swimming thoughts and her nose filled with cloying smoke she nearly leapt from her own fur when she opened her eyes to see the feral dog sitting on the other edge of the clearing.  Her heart beat like a panicked rabbit and her lungs burned from the last inhaled breath that refused to leave.
Like a shadow escaping the light the feral terrier was across the clearing teeth gnashing and eyes glinting.  The foaming jowls wrapped around her ankle as it sunk its teeth into her flesh.  She couldn’t breath, she couldn’t scream, she could only watch as it drug her into the clearing.
Mirliton jumped as the cherry end of the joint fell off and landed on her ankle. She doubled over in a fit of coughing as her burned lungs forced her to take a breath in a sad attempt at a yelp.  Through watering eyes she could still see the blurry form at the edge of the clearing.  Confused she wiped at her eyes trying to bring it into focus. The dog moved not in an aggressive manner but like that of someone that could not decide whether they should run or help.  With a breath of fresh air and a dry corner of her blanket Mirliton finally composed herself enough to really look at her guest.
If ever there was a mutt this dog was their king.  While obviously a pitbull in shape there were too many inconsistencies to call him anything other than what her uncle affectionately called a Heinz 57. 57 flavors of fun he always said. His ears were down and his tail was tapping her belly as he shifted from one foot to the other in a nervous dance.  Mirliton did not know what to do, she had never owned a dog.  Her mother was of a sect that believed that Feral’s were just a lesser evolution of Thrope and owning them would be tantamount to slavery.  Her father on the other hand, just plain hated animals in general.  She had seen him beat stray dogs within an inch of their lives just for being caught outside the front of their trailer. 
Mirliton called to it softly but found her voice little more than a hiss uttered from a burned throat.  With a shuddering breath she tried again only to begin coughing.  The sudden sound sent the dog back into the darkness with little more than a rustle of foliage.  She sniffed the air for a while trying to catch his trail from where she sat but the breeze was not in her favor.  Mirliton sat back against the Cyprus and pulled the blanket over her lap.  The chill night air had returned and now she wished she had something warm to hold.  


“Mirl wait up!” Baguette’s chubby arm popped up in the herd of students leaving their classes.  
Mirliton stepped out of the hall and waited for the short corgi to catch up.  The plump cream colored canine pushed her way roughly through the students regardless of their size kicking out at shins in her way.  There was a smattering of shouts lost in the dull roar as she burst from the mass.  Baguette adjusted her thick square glasses and hefted the stack of books in her arm.  While they were both dressed in the school uniform Baguette always seemed to wear hers better.  Mirliton always blamed her height and svelte build for the way her clothes fell loosely about her.  In reality though it was probably because her mother had been halfway through a bottle when she filled out the order form with no idea of her daughter’s size.  Mirliton jumped as Baguette slapped her across the tail.
“Hey block head you listening?”
“I’m sorry-“
“We’ve got rehearsals after school.  Ms. G. gonna get her feathers all in a bunch if you miss it again.”
“I know I-“
“First chair flute just flitting off, where did you go?  You left nothing but a scent trail, there’s rumors that you’re seeing Quiche.”
Mirliton pulled a face knowing it was a joke intended to break down the walls she’d erected. She could tell Baguette that she had left because she didn’t have her flute.  She also could tell her that she didn’t have her flute because her mother had sold it for liquor money.  But she couldn’t tell Baguette of the fight that followed her mother’s confession and the subsequent offer made by her father to play a flute to get a flute. She had declined his offer and had lost a tooth.  Now the first chair flute was going to have to run away from school at the last bell for a second time to avoid questions.  She jumped again as Baguette’s hand stung her tail.
“What happened to your flute?”
Mirliton stared at her in horror as if she had been reading her mind.  The look on Mirliton’s face seemed to confirm something in Baguette’s expression.  “W-What do you mean?”
“I can count the days on one paw that you have left that instrument’s side. Three. No four, last year when Cider stole it as a prank, and the last three days.” Mirliton’s mouth bobbed without words.  Baguette was about to say something with the warning bell rung. “Castrated cat we’re going to be late.  Go!”


“Fish” Mirliton held up the flash card to the fennec seated across from her
“Fis” The Fennec slurred.
“Fi-“ Mirliton repeated the first half of the word slowly looking into the crooked eyes.  Around her two other teacher’s assistants held flash cards and slowly pronounced words to their special needs students. Twenty three hours of the day Mirliton could write off as unrewarding, most of her life was spent dreading the next minute, the following hour, days, weeks, months, even years.  The enormity of the cloud that darkened her life often drowned her emotions in shadows. Most days she had to force herself to go through the motions just to pretend to be alive.  Yet this single hour during her school week brought out the sun to break up the clouds for a moment. The crooked eyes tried to focus on her and the fennec smiled through crooked teeth drooling a bit in the process. Mirliton smiled back.
“Fish!” He blurted out with no regard to volume.
“Very good Berry! Fish.”
“Fish!”
“What is this letter?” 
“Gee!”
“Very good G.  What animal is pretending to be the G?”
“Fish!”
“That doesn't look like a fish to me, he’s green.”  Mirliton watched the crooked green eyes as they sought an answer in the card.  She had no power to fix anything in her own life but for this hour she could try to improve the lot of another’s. 
“Gege”
“Close, Gek, Oh.”
“Geg, ho.”
“Geko”
“Gegko”
“Very good Berry.”  Mirliton allowed a genuine smile to spread across her face.  Berry mimicked her showing every extra tooth in his little head and waving his oversized ears with glee.
“Fish!”


“Stop right there you sneaky bitch!”
Mirliton felt her hackles raise and the flight response trigger in her most primal mind but her paws stumbled to a stop. The determined paws approaching her stopped and Mirliton felt a hard slap across her tail.
“You don’t get to slink out of here like a beta with tail tucked between your legs without telling me what is going on.” Baguette scrunched up her muzzle in a mock snarl.
“I- I can’t Bags.” Mirliton could not make eye contact with her closest friend.  Her tongue searched for words inside her mouth but only found the gap in her teeth.
“Mirl. Mirl!” Baguette reached up and grabbed her chin.  Mirliton looked at the tawny Corgi and could not stop the tears.  There were no sobs, or wailing breakdown but the tears would not stop coursing down her face.  Baguette pulled her down into a hug and stroked her ears. “You don’t have to tell me but you do have to let me shoulder some of your burden.  Now stop your crying you big baby and take this.”  Baguette shoved a familiar black case into Mirliton’s arms. 
Mirliton wiped at her face with her hand but only succeeded in spreading the wetness about.  While it was not her flute, it was an instrument given from the heart. “Bags…”
“Stop, we are going to be late for recital.  I don’t want to have to listen to that self assured red feathered bottom heavy oversized parakeet tell me about the virtue of being early and warming up with scales… again.”
Mirliton pulled Bags in and kissed her ears, she should have known her friend would help in any way she could.  Why hadn’t she just asked Baguette for a loaner before? Why had she run from the last recital?  She had been sure everyone would know how she had lost her flute.  She was certain that everyone knew what her father did to her yet no one let on to the fact that they knew. 
No one knew, she knew that, the only person that knew was Baguette, she had known for a long time.  Bisque had tried to flirt his way into Baguette’s good graces, and when that didn’t work tried to force his way in.  Baguette was small but she was made of spring steel and granite. Despite her plump and portly appearance she could move like lightning when she wanted too, combined with her sturdy frame and low center of gravity when she said ‘no’ she meant it.  Mirliton had always wished she had the fighting spirit Baguette possessed.  Bisque had beaten it out of her before it had any chance to gain purchase.  She was a pitbull without an ounce of fight left in her.  Baguette on the other hand had left a reminder on the inside of Bisque’s thigh in a neat “U” shape of scars.  Bisque would have probably killed her if it were not for the fact she had twelve brothers who made up half the starting line for the soccer team. 
“You’ll be okay sweetie.” Baguette whispered into her ear before she bit it.
“Ow! Bitch.”
“Suck it up cunt, lets go.  I hope those fingers work, Alfredo and Picata cannot finger a note to find the climax between the two of them.”


Mirliton stood at the end of the gravel street looking down the row of trailers to her own.  Decaying vehicles filled the driveway and spilled into the adjacent lots meaning her father had company.  There was a good chance he would not try anything with his friends present but that would not save her from their verbal and  physical abuse.  She did not want to be teased, pinched and pulled at all night; there was no door on her room so sleeping was out of the question.  If she didn’t come home her father would definitely take it out on her the following day fueled by whatever hangover he was suffering.  Her stomach growled and her bladder burned.  Baguette’s house was clear across town, it was a four hour walk on a nice day.  Mist was beginning to roll in and the moon was shrouded behind heavy clouds.  She would go hungry tonight but that was nothing new.  With a turn she was headed for the edge of the forest.


The clearing was empty but her nose told her that even the usual critters that happened through had been absent.  Only one scent remained and it was growing more familiar to her.  While the Feral dog was not there his scent trail was no more than an hour old. A thrill and a pang of fear struck her at once.   She wanted to see him again, but the paranoia of a savage animal prevented her from making an effort to call him in.  Sound rolled as her stomach rumbled and bladder twitched derailing her train of thought.  With a hasty hop she tossed her backpack near the Cyprus and fumbled at her belt.  She had designated a specific tree farthest from the Cyprus to function as a bathroom for occasions such as this.  Mirliton made note as she leaned up against her toilet tree that the Feral had marked it earlier that day.  With a sigh and panties in hand she let go and closed her eyes listening to the trickle and patter.  Her stomach reminded her that it was empty as her bladder rejoiced of the same.  As she finished she frowned and sighed as she remembered that she had forgotten something to clean up with.  She shook a bit and then with resignation pulled up her things on the damp fur.  Another dignity lost to her with no one but to blame but herself.
Mirliton sat wrapped in her blanket staring down at the black case between her paws.  They had of course been late, and as predicted earned everyone a lecture in the importance of warming up with scales before class began.  Baguette had donned her best apologetic look with ears a quiver and eyes wide.  Mirliton smiled and closed her eyes.  The little Corgi’s face would leap to an expression of mock importance when Ms. G’s back was turned and then back to subservient in an instant.  Mirliton whispered “Thank you.” to the empty clearing in hopes Baguette would hear it on some level of existence.  She was not normally a class clown but she had known Mirliton needed to be cheered up. Baguette was the best of friends, too good a friend for Mirliton to have.  
Mirliton buried her muzzle in the blanket; she was the worst of friends.  Distant, emotionally unavailable, frightened, undependable, and selfish were just a few of her finer qualities.  She could never figure out why Baguette remained her friend.  They had known one another since they could walk but if Mirliton had been Baguette she would have dropped her long ago.  Mirliton could not even blame Baguette if she did, she would be justified on more than one principle. Yet, as terrible as Mirliton was to the little Corgi, Baguette never gave up on her. Baguette was the popular one, she had many friends around the school,  a string of boyfriends that still pinned for her, and was on track to be accepted into college on a pile of scholarships.  Mirliton on the other hand was all but invisible, had only one friend, never had a romantic connection with any one else boy or girl, and was on track to graduate near the bottom of the class.  However she did have a higher chance than most to win the musical scholarship.  Baguette had been encouraging her, which was a nice way of saying twisting her tail to apply for it.  Even Ms. G had confidence in her ability to win it.  Yet, Mirliton could only think of her mother lying there on the bathroom floor choking on her own vomit.
Mirliton jumped coming out of her spiraling slide into negative space at a snort from the edge of the clearing.  All thought vanished as she locked eyes with the big feral terrier mutt.  He was not pacing so much as he was doing his nervous dance.  Mirliton froze not out of fear; because she was by all accounts scared, but because she was more afraid of frightening him off again.  They watched one another for some time in silence neither making any sort of gesture of acceptance or rejection.  Mirliton’s thoughts slowly coalesced into something that once again resembled coherency.  She began to look at this from the Feral’s point of view.  He had surely smelled her in this clearing before their first meeting.  She had been coming here often and her scent was a part of the environment now.  He was obviously not a savage dog, however feral he was, and sought the company of a Thrope over that of the wild.   Like the small game that came and went if he had been of their ilk he would have smelled her there and left never to return.  Yet he stayed near-by waiting for her to return.  After their first meeting he could have just ran until his legs fell off from fear, but he had returned.  
Mirliton shifted slightly to sit up.  The feral terrier stopped his nervous dance and stood frozen waiting for her next gesture.  She could feel his tension in the air, he desperately wanted to come to her, yet more so he wanted to run.  He was afraid to allow himself the luxury of trust.  The clearing was dark but the moon cast its scattered rays to illuminate them in dim silver light.  She could see the scars, the missing ear, a tail broken many times.   She finally looked at him, she had seen him, but this was the first time she truly saw hat stood before her.  There were bite scars overlapping bite scars on his face and muzzle, there were missing patches of fur not from mange but where it had been ripped out long ago and never returned.  Muscles ripped under the tight marred hide.  Grey fur edged his muzzle and paws indicating he was older than his muscular form appeared.  Mirliton stared into his pale blue eyes and suddenly she knew what he was.
He was an escaped fighting dog, she was sure of it now.  His reaction to her, the fear he showed yet his unwillingness to run.  He needed a master, he longed to be commanded to be given an order to work, but he no longer wanted to feel the lash.  He had escaped the brutality of his former existence and wandered for a long time on his own.  Mirliton stared at him and felt his sorrow, it had taken him so long to trust again.  His master had betrayed him, put a dog’s natural loyalty into question.  She felt tears well up in her eyes.  For a dog to question its loyalty, would be her questioning her own existence.  
She took a shuddering breath and slowly raised a hand out of the blanket.
“Pleas-“ She began and he was gone.


“You smell.”  Baguette sniffed her with no consideration to her personal space. “Did you sleep outside?”  She pulled a confused face and then sniffed again lowering her voice, which was hard for her to do since her natural volume was set to stadium groupie. “Did you pee your-“
Mirliton swatted at the short dog but she was already out of arms reach and then back again.  “I have an independent study for first period, I was going to go take a shower then.”
“No you were going to tutor Foojoy and Lichee at first period.”  Baguette sniffed her again.
“I can’t go all day smelling like this.” Mirliton felt the flush burn her cheeks.
Baguette took her by the wrist and pulled her out of the hall around the end of the row of lockers beyond the traffic.  Mirliton stood and tried to make an effort to round off her panicked thoughts.  “The moment I leave this hall of odors they are going to know.   Lichee cannot keep her muzzle shut she will tell everyone I pissed myself.  The bell is going to ring any second, I can’t even go to the bathroom.  I-I”
Baguette rummaged in her bag and pulled out a small purple bottle, and a neon pink wad of fabric, before Mirliton could even move Baguette had thrust a hand up her skirt.  Before Mirliton could even register a protest in her mind her panties were around her ankles and Baguette was slapping at her paws.   Mirliton stepped out of her panties and into the hot pink pair Baguette had produced.   Baguette pulled them up and with two quick sprays of the potent perfume the bell rang for classes to start.  Baguette shoved the panties into her bag and pushed Mirliton back into the hall.
“Bags…”  She began still flushed from toenails to ear tips.
“Go you block head, I didn’t just waste two pulls of Oestrus #8 on you to see you show up late.”  Baguette melted into the mess of hurrying students. “And watch out for Foojoy, he’s going to think you smell especially fine today.”
Mirliton smiled wryly and turned, “Bitch.”
“Bitch.” Came back to her from somewhere down the hall.


“So did Foojoy try to get you to play his woodwind?” Baguette sat grinning from ear to ear beside Mirliton in the grass.
“He couldn’t find a note if it had been played for him.” Mirliton sighed and rested her head on her knees looking down the grassy hill at the school.  A menagerie of species sat on the hillside ate lunch and filled the air with chatter. 
“I thought you were supposed to be tutoring him, showing him proper fingering techniques.”  Baguette made a rude gesture with two fingers and then opened her bag.
“Do you think I have a chance to earn that scholarship?”
“Who else is going to win it?  You are ranked number one in four districts.  Too bad you missed that state meet up last year or you’d be ranked one in the state.”
The smell of salami and spicy brown mustard drifted out of Baguette’s bag and dug its tendrils into Mirliton’s stomach making it growl. “I don’t know. I-“ 
A sandwich wrapped in paper hit her in the side of the face and landed between her paws.  She looked up as Baguette pulled two more from her bag. “I took Pumpernickel’s lunch, and Rye’s lunch,  and Boule’s lunch.  They wouldn’t have eaten them anyways, I think they were all going out to that dive down the street.”
“That greasy place that sells only ham?” Mirliton unwrapped her sandwich and could not control the drool that fell out of her mouth.
“They have a mean ham and cheese that will give you the runs for two days.  It is almost worth it.”
Mirliton’s teeth sunk into the bread and meat and before she could even enjoy it she was licking the mustard off her fingers.  Her stomach growled again and before she could even turn a second sandwich landed between her paws.  She couldn’t look up from the white butcher paper.  She knew she would start crying if she caught Baguette’s eyes.  An old proverb rattled around in Mirliton’s mind, ‘When I was hungry he fed me, when I was naked he clothed me, when I was cold he offered me his home.’  Mirliton was sure if she asked Baguette if should could stay a night or two the answer would be yes.  Guilt welled up inside her.  She did not deserve all this kindness.
“It is a full ride you dope, you’d better try for it.  The state competition is coming up soon, you are on fire in the recitals, I don’t see how you could lose apart from not showing up.”
Mirliton nodded silently and unwrapped the sandwich.  Turkey and spinach threatened to leap from the bread to escape her jaws.  She chewed slowly savoring it and trying to unclench her sorrow filled throat.
“If you don’t go I will kidnap you and drag you there kicking and screaming.”
Mirliton laughed through a mouth full of turkey and risked a glance sideways.  Baguette was looking at her with liquid eyes a concerned look on her brows.  Mirliton felt the remainder of the wall crumble and her fears start to pour out.  She began to cry and as if Baguette had been waiting for it she slid close and wrapped an arm around the blue pitbull.
“I-I-I-I” Mirliton stammered trying to swallow her food with her mouth suddenly dry and her throat closed.  “I didn’t go home last night. I slept in the woods, I didn’t-“
“Shhhhh, Mirl its okay.  I’m here its okay.”  Baguette soothed stroking her ears.
“I can-can’t go home.”
“I know Mirl, I know.  Why didn’t you ask me sooner.  Do you know how long I’ve been waiting?  You need to come stay with me.  We have an extra guest room.” 
“I can’t, I-“
“You can, Ma’s already agreed, she’s the one that told me I had to wait for you to ask.  She said if I asked you would reject the idea.  I thought she was batty but she was right… bitch is always right…”
“You-you don’t understand.  My ma-“
“Your mother will be fine.”  Baguette pulled Mirliton’s chin around so they were facing each other. “We both know why she drinks.”  Baguette stared into Mirliton’s eyes with a knowing sharpness.
“He’ll take it out on her.”  Mirliton whimpered miserably.
“He’ll take it out on you if you go back.” Baguette gripped her chin roughly.  “Do you hear me?  You’ll come straight home with me.  You can call-“
“I need to go home, if I don’t show up he’ll call-“ Mirliton snuffled.
“Call who the cops?  They’d arrest his ass on sight.”  Baguette snorted.
“He’ll call his boys and tell them lies so they come looking for me.  They’ll take me back and then…”
“Fine then I’ll come with you.  No way he will touch you with me there, not after last time. “ Baguette snapped her teeth together.  
“I can’t-“
“You can’t what? Stop me, because that is the Dog’s honest truth.” Baguette let Mirliton’s chin go and rested her head on her arm.
“I don’t deserve you.”  Mirliton rested her head on Baguette’s.
“Damn right you don’t.” Baguette pulled Mirliton’s ear.  “You don’t deserve the vile attention paid to you either.”
“Bags…”  Mirliton whispered.
“If it is some confession of gratitude or love I already know.” Baguette smirked.
“Can I have your sandwich.” 
“Bitch.” Baguette snorted.
“Bitch.” Mirliton hugged the Corgi close.


“So Marsala told Pinapple that she wanted to go to the match with her boyfriend’s friend Chedder.”
“That little Alsatian with the happy tail?”  Mirliton frowned.
“You know how he got that right? Brussels was giving him a paw in the back seat over on Layer Cake road, you know by the dock.”
“Chedder is gay?  Then why?”
Baguette shook her head, “Bi. Sub bi, just likes to be yelled at.  Heard he has a knot like a Gordian..  Anyways, car door was open and his tail was hanging out when the wind caught it and-“  Baguette clapped her hands together.
“That will never heal right.”  Mirliton shook her head with a bemused smile.
“Not so long as he is given to wagging it.” Baguette huffed, “Marsala heard about his endowments and wanted to give them a run.”
“Pom bitch has never knotted.”
“Right.  But she’s had every finger on the soccer team do a little goal tending so she thinks she’s got something going for her.”
“Wait even your brothers?”
“Especially my brothers, they aren’t using fingers though.  I am pretty sure Boule and Briosch have double teamed her.  Pray to Dog that you are lucky you don’t have twelve brothers.  The amount of tails they pull is only less disgusting than the amount of tails they brag about.”
“I always thought Rye was kinda cute.”  Mirliton smirked sneaking a peak at Baguette who scrunched up her face.
“Maybe if you like Soccer and science fiction, he is a total nerd off the field.  He’s got a tiny puppy penis, you don’t want any of the baggage that comes out of that.”
“Bags!” Mirliton flushed embarrassed for her. 
“What?” Baguette pulled another face. “Don’t judge me you don’t know what it is like with twelve brothers. They are always in some state of undress messing with each other, and the boners. All the Dog damn boners.  You would think they were permanently erect.”
Mirliton was laughing now, she could just see it in her minds eye, a house full of naked Corgi boys running around with launched rockets and Baguette standing there just shaking her head with that same defeated look on her face. “Stop I can’t, I can’t breath.”
“They are always doing weird stuff with them too, always comparing them or rubbing their balls on someone else’s shit as a joke.  I mean you don’t even know what to touch over there anymore.”
“And this is where you want me to come stay.”
“Oh trust me, they all are suddenly little gentle angles when a girl shows up.” Baguette snorted.
“You’re not a girl?” Mirliton chuckled.
“I am their sister.  They used to taunt me and pull the same pranks on me that they do to each other but no more.”
“How’d you get them to stop?” Mirliton could not stop giggling. 
“Superglue.”
“What?” Mirliton let out a sharp yelping laugh.
“Anyone I caught messing around with my stuff or me got their hand super-glued to their balls when they fell asleep.”
Mirliton had to stop she was laughing so hard.  “Y-you, you didn’t.”
“Only took five sets of hands before everyone else decided messing with me wasn’t worth it.  Remember Freshman year when we lost the game against the Tiger paws?  Should have been an easy sweep right?” 
Mirliton nodded still laughing.
“Well five of the starting line had trouble kicking because of some missing fur and lessons learned.”
Mirliton was leaning on Baguette now out of breath. “We-we almost lost state because of you?”
“No because it took five idiots to learn a hard lesson.”
“Don’t mess with Bags.” Mirliton finally caught her breath.
Baguette snorted.
“What does your mother think of all the dog bones?” 
“I think she gets off on it.  She’s always teasing them or pretending to shame them or using some dumb excuse to point them out.  They get off on it too.”  Baguette took an awkward breath, “Since dad died we always thought Nann and mom had something going on.  When he left for college she seemed… off.”  There was a growl of disgust in Baguette’s voice. “Sorry I guess that is a little to…”
“No I get it.” Mirliton watched the trailer park come into view around the trees.
“I know, I’m sorry.” Baguette mumbled. 
“At least it was consensual.” Mirliton trailed off seeing her trailer down the road.
“Still does not make it right.” Baguette’s voice trailed off as well.  
“Did you call your brothers?” Mirliton stopped four trailers down outside the run down sky blue trailer of Mrs. Maple.  She was a crabby old bobcat who liked nothing more than to poke her nose where it did not belong.  Part of Mirliton was hoping she’d poke her nose out now and let her natural curiosity sniff around.  The tacky faux bay window remained dark indicating no life inside.  No flicker of a TV or dim illumination of the fake Tiffany lamp could be seen.
“They are still in practice, I left three of them messages.”  Baguette swallowed hard, “They’ve got the Suburban so they’ll be along once they get it.”
Mirliton nodded staring at the old green pickup in her drive way.  Her father was home early which meant he had a half day shift on the boat.  This guaranteed he was already drunk, Mirliton prayed he was already passed out.  As long as her mother was there and lucid she could leave the message with her.  There was a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach though, like she had eaten bad clams.  
“Lets go.” The sound barely made it off her tongue.
The rickety door squealed on its hinges as it swung shut behind them.  Mirliton’s prayers were not answered, her father stood before the stove in a ripped pair of boxers that only his tail kept aloft.  Something fatty burned in a pan as he swayed back and forth trying to drink from a bottle of wine while scraping a pan that would not remain still.  He looked up angrily at their intrusion into his dinner but the scowl flashed to a lecherous grin seeing them standing huddled together in the doorway.
“Fuck me sideways look who graced this rotten castle. The Princess herself and plump little handmaid. Where you been girl? Another day and you mama call the police.”  He snorted and scratched his tail causing his boxers to drop another inch.  He tried three times to turn off the stove, the first two attempts turned the burner on high, while the third attempt turned it to low but it failed to go out.  He swore and threw the pan in the sink. “There you go girl, burning my dinner.  I hope you brought vittles.  You worried you mother sick.  She lay into me with a bottle, broke it across my backside when you din’ come home.  You have some things to say?”
Mirliton opened her mouth to say something, anything really but no thought had prepared itself and no words rolled down her tongue.  She managed a hoarse gulp of air.  Bisque sniffed the air and turned to them licking his nose.
“She will be staying at my house for the next few days.”  Baguettes voice rang clear and steady in the tense silence.  She stepped around Mirliton and stood seemingly without fear before Bisque.  While Bisque may have been overweight, the fat merely covered muscles toned with years of heavy labor.  He was a pit bull through and through, genetically predisposed to build muscle mass with ease.  At six foot one inch he cut an imposing figure even swaying drunkenly on his feet with his soiled boxers almost around his knees. 
Bisque pointed the wine bottle at Baguette.  “I know you girl.  Gave me this love bite.”  He pulled down his boxers to show them the U shaped bite mark.  His limp sheath and relaxed balls swung between his legs as he wavered on his paws.  He did not bother to pull them back up and just let them fall. “How ‘bout you try again m’shari.  Use that mouth so shit don keep falling out of it. “
“Where is mama?”  Mirliton had not realized she had growled the question until she caught the glint in her father’s eye.  He sniffed the air again and licked his nose.  The red tip of his penis slid from its matted sheath.
“Went to sister’s.” Bisque sniffed the air again and licked his jowls. “Won’ be back for a few days.”  His penis slid further from its sheath in an effort to become erect which it seemed to be struggling to do. “Someone smell real nice tonight.  You bleed girl?”
Mirliton frowned at him and heard Baguette swear under her breath.  Baguette’s hand was cupped around a stout cylinder of pepper spray Mirliton knew she was itching to use.  Bisque sniffed again and again and with each intake of breath his sheath road back until it stopped, covering the bulbous knot at the red base.  
“We are going now.” Baguette growled sternly.
“Girl you smell like your mother when she was you age.  Hot ready for it, craving me inside her.”  He took a step closer swinging his bottle of wine up to his lips.  He absentmindedly stroked his penis with his free hand letting the little squirts of precum fall where they may. “You gonna call me daddy like she did?”
“Fuck this.” Baguette’s arm flashed up and before Mirliton could move Bisque was stumbling back howling in pain tearing at his face.  Baguette pushed her out the door but not before she saw Bisque recover and lunge for them.  
Bisque hit Baguette in a tackle that ended up being a hard push that sent her into Mirliton who crashed through the rotting railing of the steps.  She hit the ground hard feeling her breath vanish.  She was dimly aware of a struggle and shouts on the stoop.  There was a loud yelp from Bisque and then Mirliton saw him raise the wine bottle, his alcoholism had made the priorities clear, and bring it down on Baguette’s head.  His aim was sloppy and it glanced off her skull and shattered in the stoop.  Baguette went limp and Bisque reeled to his feet clutching a bleeding hand to his face.  Mirliton pushed herself onto faulty paws that would not move.  She tried to call out to Baguette but her voice was nothing but a garbled yelp.  She did not even see Bisque launch himself off the stoop at her until he slammed into her.  Mirliton blacked out.
The sounds of grunts and labored breathing came first into the darkness of her returning consciousness. Then came the shapes and colors that seemed to twist and invade her visual cortex.  Feeling began to return in flashes of pain.  First her lungs flared with every breath she took.  Her head felt as if the percussion section had pounded it and her shoulder was on fire.  Something was inside her, then it wasn’t and then it returned with discomfort repeating cycle with increasing rhythm. she began to remember what had happened, what was happening. Bisques face took shape before her twisted in a grimace of agony and swelling from the pepper spray.  Every breath she took burned from the residual spray soaked into his fur.  In his drunken state he had already forgotten about the pain.  He was already inside her, he had been inside her for she did not know how long.  Thrusting and growling, plunging and slobbering.  Her arms would not behave and she could do nothing to make them move to push him away, not that it would not have done much good.  He bit at her neck and licked her face like a savage animal tearing at her uniform.  Her only thought was that she would have nothing to wear to school tomorrow if he ripped it.  
He whimpered and shuddered before going stiff as a board.  She felt him pulsing and rocking inside her and the slow warmth of foreign fluid entering her system.  He slapped her hard which brought her out of her stupor and back to sharp reality.  Her hands spring to life and clawed at his face.  He made to slap her again but she sunk her teeth into his hand before it could connect.  He screamed and wrenched it free with another tooth.  He rammed his fist into her side and she doubled up as he staggered to his feet.  Mirliton looked up at him in the moonlight, bloody, face swollen and disfigured, his cock still red and standing tall.  He stared at her for a moment that seemed to last the night before taking an uncertain step bringing his other leg back to deal her a kick.
Baguette was suddenly there and caught his raised paw.  She wrenched it with enough force that there was an audible crack and he spun as if he had been struck by a car.  He hit the ground below the stoop with a wet slap.  What ever he had been drinking must have anesthetized his entire body like a stiff shot of morphine. He staggered back to his knees as Baguette hit him with the pepper spray again with little effect. With almost extraordinary strength he tore a plank free from the stoop and swung it at Baguette.  She ducked the first and second swing but the third caught her a glancing blow on the hip.  She staggered and was quick to recover but he had already launched himself at her.  He hit her knees and took her to the ground.  With a sloppy chop to the throat he robbed her of her breath. 
Mirliton was struggling to her own paws finding the ground pulling her back down with every effort she made to get off of it.  Bisque slapped Baguette twice hard and then began to tear at her skirt.  Mirliton found her paws and pushed herself in his direction landing on his back.  She sank her teeth into his shoulder and was rewarded with a yelp.  She felt the elbow in her ribs knock her loose but tried to hold on to him as Baguette found her breath.  The little Corgi kicked up at his erection with vicious accuracy, Mirliton was bucked off as Bisque leapt aside holding his groin.  She landed hard beside Baguette and could do little more than look up at the siding of the neighbor’s trailer.  She could hear Bisque swearing and Baguette trying to get to her paws.  Mirliton let her head fall to the side and she saw Bisque standing favoring his right leg, Baguette was just getting to her knees when Mirliton was blinded by a pair of lights.
When she opened her eyes again spots danced as a half dozen blurs of color seemed to materialize around the towering silhouetted form of her father.  She tried to warn them of the danger they were in.  Such beautiful colors should not be snuffed out by his darkness.  Baguette was screaming something but the blurs of color did not seem to hear her.  Her father caught one of them but fell as the other blurs converged on him like magnets to ferrous metal.  They seemed to stick to him and cover him from head to toe in a writhing mass of growling forms.
Mirliton pushed herself to her paws as the growling died and the blurred forms began to take shape.  Two broke off and rushed to her suddenly turning into Boule and Rye dressed in muddy uniforms now streaked with red and green.  They caught her by the arms.  They were saying something to her but she could not find meaning in their sounds.  Two other’s were talking to Baguette in hurried tones and sharp growls.  The final two held her father down as he thrashed about in a vain attempt to throw them.  
Bisques curses were the first words to form meaning in her head.  As loud as he was shouting not a single neighbor had exited their trailer to check on the commotion.  They all knew of Bisque and an eye peaking through blinds would show them that karma had finally caught up with him.  Police would only complicate the matter as far as this neighborhood was concerned.  Best let problems lie where they fell.
“You can’t Brio.” Baguette hissed.
“Look at her Baggy, look at you.” Briosch growled not at her but out of sheer primal emotion.  “We’re taking him, you don’t have to worry-“ 
“Worry? This isn’t your call Brio, he deserves to be punished.” Baguette barked.
“Punished by who? The police, you saw what they did to dad’s murderer.  Two years and out for a man’s life Baggy! Two years for dad.  What do you think this piece of shit will get?”
“We all saw him, we are the proof.”  Baguette whimpered.
“Do you think she will testify against her own father?  Look at her, she can barely stand.”  Briosch growled pointing at Mirliton. 
“Mirl-“
There was a yelp and Bruschetta tumbled off of Bisque followed by Pumpernickel.  Bisque was on his paws and past them in a limping sprint.  There was not even time to register a protest before Boule and Briosch went after him.  Baguette held up her hand as if to call them back but she did not utter a sound.